Another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff! Still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care.So, we finally got the attention of a server who was not our server, Michael. She was kind enough to take my steak back to the kitchen. Michael, our server, finally shows up 10 minutes later with a half-hearted apology and to let me know that my steak was being prepared again. He does not offer to refill our drink glasses that have now been sitting empty for 20 minutes. The manager makes an appearance and brings me a strip steak that looks rare from the sight of it. He informs me that my steak is on him and apologizes. He goes away. I cut into my steak and it's, you guessed it, Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again.

Worst drive thru service ever....they didn't tell me the total cost of my order till I got up to the window.  It took a couple mins. before anyone even came to the window, and then I had to sit there for almost 10 mins before I got my food.  A drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food.  And the food was not worth the price I paid for it.  This is not the first time I've had this kind of service there.  The people working there also don't seem like they want to be there.  I don't know why I even tried going back.

Canyon Cafe is in the top five of favorite places to eat. My fiance and I recently celebrated our anniversary at Canyon Cafe.  Pro: The chips and salsa rock my world! The entree's are delicious! The staff is friendly and efficient.  The ambiance is quiet and relaxed.Con: The carnitas tacos are very greasy.Canyon Cafe exceeds our expectations every time.  You go for dinner but you stay for the chips and salsa.  The chip basket includes sweet potato, blue corn, wonton, and regular tortilla chips.  The salsa is roasted and heavenly.  Recommended: The bison burger, it is juicy and flavorful. The Verde Chicken enchiladas, love the sauce and chicken is tender.  The top shelf margarita, suggested to share but make sure to stir or the tequila will go straight to your head.Can't wait to go back.  It's our little secret place that we enjoy because it's quiet and we usually leave feeling quite euphoric.

The Brioche french toast they're advertising now is amazing!Service was quite good; I've been here before and it isn't always good.Clean enough.  Decent prices.

Amazing food. It's authentic Mexican food not that pseudo mexican food catered towards gringos like some places.  Restaurant was cool looking with nice decor. The chips are served fresh and hot with tasty salsa. The chicken enchiladas will change your life. The chile relleno is great too. The churro ice cream desert is A1.  Price is very reasonable. It came to 34$ for 2 with dessert.  The horchata was tasty too.

The fajitas were fantastic. We ordered the steak and shrimp and they were HUGE. Great portions. Fair price. I'll be back.

Why, oh, why is Teppanyaki such a challenge!?!  It is the ultimate in party cuisine and a great experience, plus the food seems that much better cooked in front of you.  Somehow though Phoenix remains without a great Teppan restaurant.My nephew is an Asian food junkie and loves Teppan, so for his birthday we really wanted to give him a great experience and Sakana remained one of two places in town we have not tried so onward...We were sat immediately about 15 minutes prior to our reservation and quickly ordered drinks and sushi.  After reading other reviews I walked over to the sushi bar and looked at the day's specials.  We ordered two types of Nigiri off the special board and then Uni and Spicy Scallops.  For my nephew we got a spicy tuna roll.  There was nothing wrong with any of it.  The sushi had a clean taste and was very good.  It was a pleasant surprise.The teppan started with a decent soup and salad.  The show itself was good, not great.  The portions of the meats were astonishing, absolutely huge.  Same with the veggies.  The rice was good and came in the standard cup.  A little odd was that the rice and veggies were an add on for an additional $3.  Not a big deal but just different.  Overall all the meats and the shrimp were okay.  I took a piece of my husband's steak as Teppan steak I always feel has the best flavor for steak from my perspective as a non steak eater, and it tasted like typical steak.So basically the whole food experience was a standard.  Nothing really standing out, nothing bad.  On the other side was the service.  Lackadaisical is the word that comes to mind.    My sister said she felt she bussed our table.  Since our party of 4 was alone at the teppan table we kept passing her our dishes to put on the other end as not one thing was removed from the table.  Think about the number of items I mentioned having and how many dishes that means!  I had to ask to get water and tea refills and my glasses were removed and returned in the most bizarre way.  A pitcher could have been so much simpler.  It took a good 15 minutes for my sister's beverage to come from the bar.  It was almost an hour before the teppan chef came over.  The server though was personable enough that the non-service service was less irritating than it might have been in other circumstances.  I doubt I will be back, but it wasn't a bad experience and for someone in the Ahwatukee area i would say if they have time and don't have a ton of money to spend on Teppan or sushi it is not  a bad choice.

This place has hands down the best healthy options EVER! This is not your typical pancake, egg and hashbrown place that only lets you sub toast for sausage. No. This place is legit alternative choices to keep your heart healthy and your body unbloated by sodium.Why do I say this? Pancakes. Want whole wheat pancakes? Ok. Want whole wheat with organic flax seed, organic agave syrup, coconut, almond, and a shot of protein powder in it? OK!!!!! I kid you not, they have a mind blowing amount of options for your pancakes. At addition price, of course :).My boyfriend got a healthy plate of fruit (nice and fresh) an egg white scramble with turkey, and a side of whole wheat pancakes (for just a dollar more!) and I got a plate full of huge buttermilk pancakes and a side of hashbrowns (cuz I'm a fatty). The hashbrowns were unfortunately not to my liking as some were over cooked to the point of being burned, and others were still raw. The pancakes, however, were pretty good.With our room key we got a 10% discount and it all came out to 17$ before the tip.

Wonderful service especially if u get Beth   Everything outstanding to include the hot bean dip to start things off.

Another tourist spot. This place is not about the food as much as it is about the novelty and character. Fun spot for kids and families!And, even if you've been there a million times, SOMEONE ought to wear a tie just for giggles.

I don't understand why it only gets a 3.5 star in general reviews because I have become a HUGE SWEET TOMATOES FAN of the Tempe location in a matter of 3 months.Before I moved to Tempe, I knew about Sweet Tomatoes only because it was my vegan friend's shrine and she suggested a double date there one time. Well, at that time, I visualized this place as a buffet with unappetizing lettuce leafs and drippy salad dressing, like the salad bar in a university cafeteria that I never visited. Given that I was generally skeptical of my vegetarian friend's recommendation and particularly skeptical of how good soup-and-salad can possibly be, the idea of a double date there was ... kind of out of the question.Now I have the good fortune of living really close to a Sweet Tomatoes. Now I want to go there all the time, whether it is a single, double, triple, quadruple, or quintuple dates!Things I love about Sweet Tomatoes:1) Seasonally changing menu. The menu features the freshest ingredients in season and the low price reflects that. Last month I experienced an Asian-inspired buffet, and this week is a potato-fest. I like surprises!2) Amazing salads. I would have to spend 7~10 bucks on some bland, refrigerated boxed salad from places close to where I work. But why get that if I can build my own delicious salad, for almost the same price (plus other amazing goodies)? The dressing, by the way, is the reason why I don't attempt to make my own salad at home. 3) Warm, yummy cornbread and muffins. In restaurants serving good bread, I would finish a whole basket of complimentary bread before my entree. Yes, I am a carb snob and in desperate need of portion control when it comes to carbs. Here, I love the selection of mini-bite, fresh-out-of-the-oven cornbread, orange/cranberry muffins, chocolate brownies, and blueberry muffins. The are the perfect size, and give me a warm and fuzzy feeling inside.4) Homemade soups. I love all the Sweet Tomatoe chicken soups: the clear-broth chunky chicken noodle soup, and the creamy chicken wild rice soup. I tried the curry lentil soup and I remember it made me very happy. The soup selection changes every time I go but I think the chunky chicken noodle soup is a staple.5) Helpful, friendly staff. People are super friendly there. They would walk around and give out a plate of warm and gooey chocolate-chip cookies to tables where people almost finish with their meal. The staff not just smile to you, but also talk to you. Each food item is labeled clearly with a description of the ingredients, but apparently I can ask for recipes as well!*A side note: the staff really care about food hygiene. I noticed one time the lady filling the salad bar had some mushrooms fell outside the tray. She didn't put them  back (even though there were literally on the verge of the salad tray) but threw them away. It is really basic, but I don't think all restaurants have trained their employees to do that.6) Kid-friendly environment. I always lament the fact that kids don't eat their vegetables. To get them to eat veggies, you probably have to wrap a celery stick in bacon, put on a buttermilk batter, and deep fry it in butter. I think Sweet Tomatoes is helping to change our food culture. I am very proud of the kids I have seen at the Sweet Tomatoes who eat a hearty serving of vegetables before digging into the frozen yogurt!Maybe I am writing an unnecessarily long review. But I think this place deserves more applause! True, it is not on your Micheline star guide, not the one-of-a-kind neighborhood gem, never featured on Man v. Food or Triple D, and surely not where you would call for an anniversary dinner reservation. It is simple, fresh, lovely, inexpensive, and best of all, in moderation. This is where I would go for a weekend brunch when I don't want greasiness and excessiveness in my system.

i used to love this place but i have noticed the quality in food has gone a bit and the rude service about always telling my party that the tables a reserved and that we only have at least 45 min to eat if we still want to be seated....are u freaking kidding me?! how are the same tables ALWAYS reserved at "7:30PM"?!?!?! finally someone told me who used to work there says that is just a LIE! there are NO reservations!!! they reserve that for people who has a party of 4 or more, so it doesnt matter if u came first w/ a group of 3 people, the party with 4 or more who comes in after u gets the tables. i can't stand this rude service anymore. read the other comments everyone, see the pattern about the tables??? lol reserve my butt

Busy place. Menu has a Mish mash of things, from gyros to lasagne. I had the gyro platter and DH had the gyro and pork kabob platter. First off, the gyro meat reminds me of meatloaf in texture and it was very salty. They put some kind of gravy on it. The Greek salad was good. Fries...well, they're fries. Signs everywhere saying, "We work for tips." However, aside from bringing the food to the table they really don't do much to earn a tip. In addition, we paid with a card and there wasn't a line for a tip anyway. Overall, tried it once. Will not go again.

Good food.  It is obvious you aren't in a chain restaurant and I like that.

This is a great place for a big group of friends.  The food is good, the vibe is super comfortable and since it's already going to be loud and crowded, your group won't stand out much.  I've been here for large group birthdays, and small group hanging out before a night on the town.  Food has always been brought out quite quickly, and with a big group if you give them the ok they'll bring food out as it's ready vs. trying to wait for the entire table's order to be ready. Not only is the food good, it gives you that comfort food kind of feeling.  Yummy cheesy goodness.

Four Peaks wow. Very tasty grubbins. Went with several friends. Atmosphere was calm, casual and the service was good too, oh yeah, great beer.

If you like lamb you can't go wrong with some Lamb Chops or the Lamb Shank! The service is excellent and quick.

This place is amazing, their eggdrop soup is delicious, waiter staff is extremely friendly and their food is to drool for.

hadoken!

New to the area and went for beer and pizza based on the good reviews. Once we went inside we immediately decided to take the pizza to go. It is so dark and dreary in there you can barely see. After ordering the pizza we decided to get some beer while we wait. Nothing on tap, but a few craft selections in bottles. We saw you could buy a 6 pack for $8 which is a killer deal. We got Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and cracked one open. It had gone bad. We asked to change it out for Alaskan Amber. That had gone bad too. We ended up throwing the 6 pack away, which I don't do. The pizza was not square as they boast but round. And it looks nothing like the photos on the outside of the building or on their website. Small and scarce pepperoni with a cracker thin crust. Tasted like the pizza you get at an arcade or a bowling alley. My guess is it was frozen. We would have been better off getting a freezer pizza and 6 pack from Albertsons across the street. And it would have been a lot cheaper. $26 of junk we through out. We would never go back.

Amazing...best steak ever.  Had the bone in ribeye and was outstanding.  Service was excellent, food was pricey but worth it.

By far the most elegant and expensive place I've ever eaten at.  We made reservations for a Wednesday night, but found that there was no need for it.  There is a dress code, but I noticed a family walk in with jeans an a sweater but they still sat them anyway.  Pretty good service, but you expect that at a place like this.  In my opinion though, it felt a little overbearing.  I couldn't figure out who exactly was our server.  There was a different person for each task; wine order, food order, drink order..a different person who brought us water, our food, dessert, etc.As far as the food, incredible.  As an appetizer, I got the Lobster Bisque soup.  It was smooth and sweet, perfect!  For the entree, I got the vegetable medley and my husband got the Duck.  Both very delicious dishes, I had nothing bad to say about either one.  Nothing felt like it was undercooked or overcooked.  For dessert, I got the Banana Foster Souffle.  It was my first time ever having a souffle, and as far as souffles go, the bar is set pretty high.Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.  When coming here though, expect to spend over $100 on a 3-course meal for 2.

The steak was AMAZING and of course if you can get a seat outside on the balcony there is no better view in Vegas. The wine list is a bit over-priced and the service wasn't the best as they forgot us in the bar while waiting for a table for over an hour (it was a 20 minute wait). Overall though a great place and fabulous food!

Talk about disappointment.  And regret.  We were told by one of our guys that Caesar's had a great buffet, and who were we to argue?  It's still one of the nicer resorts on the strip.  We got there Memorial Day morning, and while we weren't surprised that we got charged the weekend prices, it was a bit weird that it was next to empty.We found out why.  You don't get nearly what you pay for to come here.  The selection really comes down to the omelet station, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, and sushi.  There wasn't much variety in the foods, and they didn't re-supply quickly enough (there was a point where was no fresh fruit to be found at all!)  Also, even though someone said that quality beats out quantity, it sure sucks when you have to wait in line to get food.  And really, it's not that much better than other places.On its own it's passable, but with so many better options around for the same price, it's really not worth it to go.

I come here quite often since it's close to work and not too expensive.I love this place for a couple or reasons.  Consistency and a decent cheese steak.  I'm born and raised in AZ so I don't know what a "true" Philly cheese steak tastes like so for me this place is pretty darn good.  The bread is always nice and soft and the steak is great with the whiz and onions.  Their fries are always perfectly crispy and soft on the inside every time.  They have pizza as well but I don't ever seem to be in a pizza mood when I go here so I've yet to try it.  I'm deducing a star on this because the chairs and tables are in some serious need of replacing and there is a lot of dust on the walls and upper ledges above the booth seating.  I've seen enough episodes of cooking shows to know this isn't acceptable.  Great food though and I will continue to come back!

Not worth it!  The food is below average, service is bad, the place is not anything special.  I would not go back.  There are too many great places on the strip to go to waste your time on this rinky dink establishment.  The drinks are pathetic.  Waited for refills.  My husband had to wait for a new pot of coffee which took 10 minutes.  The extra staff who gets water etc is a joke.  Unfortunately I have no choice to give 1 star.  This place is a big 0!

AMAZING! My favorite meal of our trip! Service was spot on. I started out with the Temple salad and my husband the egg rolls. Both were phenomenal! During our stay I had salmon on 3 different nights.. Tao was the best! My husband had Filet mignon pepper steak and the steak melted in your mouth. For dessert we had ice cream and chocolate spring rolls... again.. delicious! And the fortunes are my favorite. I never tried Tao in NY, but now I am going too! Thank you Tao for an amazing meal!!

It was a cold and rainy night. I headed to Vegas for the cure. The cure was Tom Yum soup with chicken from Archi's. The soup was hot and delicious and hot. Why 2 hots? Because I ordered spice level 5 from the option of 1 to 10. As I get older, I find the spice level I'm able to tolerate keeps getting lower. That's a shame...my 18 year old self would laugh at me now. Back to my review. The quality of the food, friendly service and reasonable prices make this a solid 4 stars in my book.

Went here with a 50% off coupon sold to me by the tix4tonight booth.  I was disappointed. Everything was overcooked and looked unappetizing in general. Actually, the fish taco was good, but the shrimp and mahi mahi were mediocre at best. The soda tasted funky, to the point where my bf sent his back. It looks like a fun place to drink at night and they have live music and a tropical cabana theme. They also had a claw machine with live lobsters, (you catch it, they cook it.) It'd probably be a fun place to go drink with friends. But as far as dinner goes, if you're in Vegas, do yourself a favor and eat at one of the other million restaurants.

Bajio makes me sing "Loco Gringos Like a Party." Okay, so Bajio isn't really where you go to party I was just compelled to use Rev. Horton Heat lyrics in this review. You could say it's like that old joke there's a party in your mouth and everyone's coming. Except it's the Bajio food that's making the party in your mouth... Um, where is this going? Bajio is *Krills! The brightly painted walls hold the enormous and very cool paintings (Prints?) on the walls, the weathered dangling lamps Bajio's decor makes you feel as though you should be in San Diego and not next to a Home Depot off of Flamingo.  When you get down to business and make your order the set up is that station style (like Subway) where you get to pick and chose the variety of beans, rice, meat, etc. Everything down to the sour cream is seasoned and that's what makes Bajio different from the other chains of Mexican food joints. It's not authentic but it's a place that you can prolly bring those who don't like Mexican food and they would eat it and you'd be happy to be there.   *Krills is street for Crack Rock.

Delicious upscale casual fare. Excellent service. I had the salmon. Overall a very nice experience.

When i walked in here, I felt like I was in a time warp..... This place was say decorated by someone with little more skill than me..... I would not say inviting or especially welcoming, but......I really enjoyed the food here and this is why they get the 4 star.  The only thing that could have pushed them to a 5 would have been better service but this is a fantastic Korean restaurant....Never having had this food until as an adult, I can tell you in beginning I was not impressed and only ate the Korean BBQ,  but about 28 years ago, I was working in Korea and fell in love with the food!There are three simply reasons to come here and if the three are speaking to you, move on to another restaurant...Soondobu - If you like the nice spicy soft tofu soup, this is the place to go!  When yelpers Lisa S. say this is like their mothers pork soondobu or Christopher S give it a good review, I gotta try it.  You can pick the spice level.  And, like Lisa says, this is something like you expect home made from your mom or grand ma. and Like Christopher S says, you have to do the soup, rice mouth, or the rice soup mouth routine to eat this properly!Samgyetong - Korean Ginseng Chicken - I have spent many a winters in the early days in Korea doing work and it is freezing cold to the bone.  This soup is so delicious, warming and darn right simple that it always harkens in my memory the best of Korean dining family or peasant style.  This is a simple soup.  If you like complex thick soups that are overpowering, this will taste more like hot dishwater to your tastebuds.  However, if you have a delicate palate and very delicate tastebuds, you will know that this dishwater of soups is absolutely more rich and flavorful and refreshing!  The chicken itself is bland as well, it is boiled in water with minimal herbs, but it is so underwhelmingly just right.  It is hard to describe.  Simple yet satisfying. I guess it is like have a grilled cheese sandwich.  Simple yet satisfying....Ban Chan - I love all types of the small dishes of Korean pickled or spiced vegetables and here the selection is the best.  They had gobo, celery, cabbage, white radish, bean sprouts, cubed radish, and watercress.  Yummy.So, if any of these are speaking to you, gotta get over here. If not, well, you will probably not care too much for this place.....GK says....check it out!

Went here for lunch and had the kafte sandwich stuffed in a puffed pita.  The sandwich was very tasty but I thought it was a bit pricey.The service was VERY attentive - my waiter almost ran to the kitchen when he heard orders ringing for pick up.I will have to go back and see what other meals they have, but I think the food would be good.  It's just pricey for what you get.  That is why I am giving it a 3 star rather than 4 star - value for the money.

Been coming here for years since they opened back in 06 because the food tastes great.  Beats the pants off of Panda Express or Kyoto Bowl because the food is made fresh when you order.  Super psyched that the brand has expanded to a few other locations in the Tempe and Mesa area, hope they open shop in Chandler next!

Great Pizza joint.Upscale, with a side of small back east pizza joint. Food is consistently good no matter when I go. Great view on the Patio in Chandler (Only one I have been to so far)Flavorful and about average price wise. Would absolutely go back again.I have to try out there other locations, Gilbert would be my next stop.

Went here on Sunday afternoon, went here a couple times when i first moved to Vegas, but this was my first time back in years. I liked the place before and it still met my expectations. Atmosphere is laid back, seat yourself, dark pub. One thing I learned this time was they have no kids seats. And really no Kids menu. (though you can order them a grill cheese or quesadilla for $4.99) Losing some stars there. I had the Kobe Burger, which was delicious. Big, Juicy, with some Maui onion, aged cheddar and heirloom tomato. Though for $13.99 they could throw in some fries. My wife had a Reuben sandwich which she liked. Beer list is good, not great. I did have a Rouge hazelnut brown 22oz. for $5.75 off draft, so not bad there. All in all the food and atmosphere, meet expectations for a standard pub. Worth going to if that is what your looking for.

Very modern.  Very chic. Very cool. It goes without saying that the food at Mix is incredible.  Celebrated chef Alain Ducasse has created an inspired restaurant.  The only problem is that the experience was not as memorable as I would have hoped from a chef who has multiple 3 Michelin star restaurants in France.The menu has undergone changes since Mix first opened.  Although it now is "Americanized" it lacks the classic dishes that one could only have enjoyed if they went to France or Monte Carlo.  At least they still have the gnocchi.  It is fantastic as is the halibut with saffron braised potatoes in a bouillabaisse sauce.   Service is excellent.The wine list is extensive but prices run high even by Vegas standards.A special note; it is worth taking the time to have a drink at the Mix ultra lounge before dinner.  Incredible views of the Strip.  Good cocktails.Finally, even if you book months in advance, you probably will not be given one of their window tables.  A $50 "gratuity" to the host will assure that you do.  Its Vegas baby!

Pretty good food and plenty of it! Barbecue snobs need not eat here. Yea, some will be put off by the smokiness of the 'cue but after being barbecue-deprived from nearly a year in the middle of nowhere it was some serious chow action! They also sell their BBQ sauce (regular and spicy), and some BBQ tools as well as their Magic Dust dry rub, which I promptly shipped some to Kwajalein!Barbecue snobs need not eat here. I'm not one of 'em. If you've got a craving for 'cue, look no further!

Go there for full taste, not for ambiance or decor. Many delicious meal options. I'm not a big Thai food fan, but I can tell full taste when I have it.

This place was great! The food was great, the service was awesome (I'm lactose intolerant and they went out of their way to accommodate me), the drinks were great and the price isn't too bad (average for a steakhouse). Overall I would totally recommend this place and plan to visit again.

Best Aged-Steak in Vegas!The only down note was the rock music playing.  It didn't fit with that type of fine-dining restaurant.My wife had the filet mignon.  They brought out two (one for each of us) by mistake.  When I told the waiter the correction he told me to enjoy the filet and that he would bring me my aged steak shortly. So...I had the turf-and-turf and it was sensational!

When we drove up to Pearl for the first time, it appeared very upscale, lighting, high ceilings, modern furniture. However, not so much. The decor tries to be upscale, but the plastic dishes and junk cluttering the walkway to the patio brings it down. Service is excellent, but there is no gluten free menu, and staff is not aware of gluten free items, except for gluten free soy sauce. Food was fine. Lots of fun drinks. If they are trying to appeal to the average working non-celiac patron, they've succeeded.

Again top notch British fare ven a little store where you can buy the British goods you miss so much from home this is a little gem at 16th Street and Bell. You should not miss breakfast Saturdays and Sundays are awesome you gotta do it for a traditional English Brekkie

Quality service, quality food, reasonably priced, and the back patio is so much fun for a classy girls night out!  The interior of the house is dark and romantic for date nights.

I always thought this was Shwartz's lame brother, but after not wanting to be part of the museum like tourist line, as a local I wanted a good deli style sandwich without the wait. Le Main is well known for late night pub grub but having gone there recently with some out of towners it holds up as a great diner experience. I ordered the smoke meat platter and smoked meat poutine with Cherry Cotts! For about $44 it hit the spot and didn't have to get cattle proded in and out because of too many people. Long story short, if your heart is set on visiting the Graceland of Smoked Meat then go and line up at Shwartz's if you want to actually eat because your hungry you can cross the street sit down and order great sandwiches here too.

DELICIOUS lunch, snack and coffee spot in the Old Port. Between the four of us, we tried two different paninis, some wine, the raspberry-lime-lemonade (OMG), a latté and an espresso. I skipped lunch and went straight for the almond croissant, and have no regrets. It was served warm and was oh so tender and not too sweet. Everything was top-quality and very tasty. Five stars for the food. Service was fast & friendly too (they now have table service).At 4 p.m. on a Saturday, we had a 20-minute wait so went around the corner to the Phi Centre to check out the art installations. We found the restaurant quite crowded and noisy -- that's what you get at a (deservedly) popular spot, I guess. Prices were normal for the Vieux Port, about $12 for a sandwich and $4-5 for a pastry.Another coup de coeur from the book "Devorer Montréal" by Claire Bouchard & Chantelle Grady.

Came in here for lunch today and although I was seated promptly, the service was very very slow and it was hard to get a server's attention. I had decided what I wanted to order and still no one was coming around to take my order until it got down to me staring at the waitstaff. I wound up ordering their smoked meat spaghetti which was being advertised. It was good although I'm not crazy about smoked meat but I figured I'd try it anyways. The other thing that sadly has landed this review down to two stars is the price. For what I had, the price was a little steep for my liking and refills on my soda weren't free which I suppose I should have thought to ask. Anyways, I may or may not come back depending on who I'm with..but I probably won't if I'm on my own like I was today.

Our favorite stop off the island.  Best on Friday or Saturday night when things are hopping and the staff and kitchen keep things fresh and moving. Great spirit, perfect garlic pan, rest of food is good and pretty straight forward. You will never find the free wifi they promise, but the menu is big and varied and you can get a bit of a line on some nights. Hopping bar, hockey is always on.

So now that I live on the East Side, I've come to really appreciate and enjoy Alchemy. Yes, it's small, and yes, there's almost always a wait for a table. Yes, they only take cash, but hey, there's an ATM that only charges a $1 fee.Despite those very minor inconveniences, the place is a true gem. Nothing beats sitting at the bar, enjoying one of the awesome taps they always have available (or a classic cocktail, or a very reasonable bottle of vino), with a plate of grilled bread (which comes with a spread/dip that changes regularly), and then splitting an entree with a friend.I've yet to have something that isn't delicious; from salads to fish frys to the bella burger - it's all superb. Service has been consistently good, and the vibe/feel of the place is so welcoming.Go. You won't regret it.

Hotpot? Check! All-you-can-eat? Check! I discovered this place several years ago and have been visiting ever since. Gone is the buffet-style, you'll now find the whole restaurant has been renovated and re-designed. You now order each item from a menu that you fill out, and the overall quality of the items has gone up from what I remember. Everything tasted fresh (beef, lamb, shrimp, squid, mussels, vegetables, tofu, fish, sausage, noodles) and was presented quite nicely. What you lose by not being able to pick 1 piece of an item, you gained in quality. You can still self-serve soft drinks and mix up your own dipping sauce. There are also desserts available with no charge (ice cream, sesame balls, canned fruit) and some items to buy for an additional charge.Overall I think this system is an improvement and am already thinking about going back in a couple of weeks.

This place poses as a wine bar/restaurant, but frankly it would be better off if it just lost the bar bit.The food is fabulous - something new will always take your fancy, but more so it is no of the ordinary, I cant think of anywhere else that does such a different menu. If i was a food critic I would call it innovitave, but I'm not, so make up your own mind. The food is alwaysgood value for money, extremely tasty and quick to arrive.Now for the bar side of things. Firstly, its expensive - even the special deals on things like cocktails are on the dearer side. Its always empty too, meanin staff just seem to hang about. The bar area has seats and tables which are far too low and uncomfortable to enjoy your time here, and the booths are pretty cramped, but so isolated you cant split your party across two for fear of never seeing your friends again.As I said, great food, poor bar.

Okay, the place is no frills, simple, would almost qualify for Triple D... Except, it TASTES good.  We've been to a few Triple D joints and most have been disappointing, making me wonder how much they pay to grab Guy's attention and the publicity.  Flavors of Louisiana brings it!!!!  Flavor, taste, smell, appearance, and portion... All good.  What would make them great?  One thing... Liquor license... so I could have a beer with my fab fish!Glad I grabbed the 'go' box because I had serious craving the next day. It reheated perfectly and I learned that the flavor was really the ingredients and not over saturation of grease.Momma loved her Gumbo and appreciated that there were NOT huge slimy chunks of okra in it.  The main man and I had oysters, chicken, and catfish... All worthy of ordering again and again and again.  I enjoyed the tater salad but we both thought the dirty rice could have used more meat in much, much larger pieces.  As it was the meat was so minimal and small it could not be tasted even though I could see it... That, and the lack of beer, were the only down sides to our kickin' Lous-E-anna experience!

Fun Place. I agree with the other reviews. Don't go here for the food, it's nothing bad, there's just better mexican food. The drinks, the prices, and the atmosphere make it a nice place to be though.

What a great find!   This Mexican restaurant is located next to the Ultrastar Movie Theatre at Wadell and Litchfield Road in Surprise.   From the outside, you can't tell that it is a really nice, roomy, restaurant on the inside.  It is a sit down Mexican restaurant with all you can eat chips and salsa.  (Before we went there the first time, I thought it was just a small fast-food place, but I was wrong - it is a big, full-service restaurant.)  They have very reasonable prices, great food and a great atmosphere.  How can you go wrong?

JT's is a small, family-operated diner right on Brownsville Road across from the Whitehall Plaza.  They are open for breakfast and lunch.  The staff is very friendly and food is good.  The JT Omelet is my favorite.  The fare on the TV is rather mind-numbing and the syrup is just corn syrup, but they are generally quite busy, so many customer don't count these major issues.

I love it here!! Try it and you'll be satisfied.

Left zarkana and decided to grab a bite.  Talked my spouse into trying this restaurant and boy am I glad I did.  The ceiling is like watching a school of fish passing over.  The staff was remarkable in their attentiveness and knowledge- this seems to be less important to many of the venues I have sampled during this week in town.  I enjoyed the deconstructs thoroughly.  My biggest issue was trying to narrow the menu down to a single choice.  I'm not gonna lie, they had me at the corn muffins.  A great experience!

Came here on my last visit to Las Vegas after finding a coupon online.  Immediately after walking in I sensed chaos.  The hostess could not keep track of people walking in as she kept walking away from her stand.  People starting getting angry and she just didn't want to deal with it.  Finally got seated, but the waitstaff, just like the hostess seemed to show much indifference to our presence.  Finally after being served our meals...it really was just eh.  I think the Olive Garden (I am not really a fan either) tastes better.  My broccoli/cavatelli was swimming in garlic/oil...I didn't even want the left overs.  Won't be returning.

I live in summerlin so this place is a little out of the way but way worth the trip. The pablano stuffed with shrimp is so damn good! I wanted to take a whole other one home to eat later.  The salsa's here are authentic and have just the right kick.  Gustavo is an absolute gentleman and makes you feel like you are eating at his home.

Food lion strip mall Chinese food, also offers deliver. Experience had always been good and food is exactly as you'd expect.

I recently went to this establishment for lunch.I have been here before but decided to give them another go since their remodel menu expansion.The service was slow at best. They weren't very busy, may have been understaffed. I imagine they don't pay well as the wait staff didn't seem interested.I ordered their signature "Vinny's burger burger" medium-well, with a side of french fries.The burger came overcooked and dry.The fries, also overcooked. They advertise fresh-cut fries, but my order had a very dark appearance and will small in length.I'm sure this place does great bottle/six-pack business due to their large selection.They may want to reconsider items on their menu or better yet, give up food all together.

Great menu, lots of items to choose from! However, if its Friday- get the fish fry! Do it and thank me later. They also offer tater tots on the side, which is kind of my favorite thing ever.

Watson Road is one of the last stops on the West side of Buckeye while heading towards California so I knew I should stop for a bite to eat (or wait over an hour til the next town). I saw the signs for a Cracker Barrel and my memories of a good 'ol hot country breakfast sounded real good. When I got inside and realized how packed the place was, I decided to order the food to go. So, based purely on what I could eat while driving, I had to say no to the biscuits and gravy I so love or their fluffy pancakes. I narrowed it down to handheld food; sandwiches. Almost went with their catfish or grilled chicken, but ended up with the meatloaf sandwich (hoping for a lil bit of comfort with each bite). The sourdough bread (which had some sort of glaze) was really good, but it wasn't toasted so the meatloaf started to make the bread soggy. And their meatloaf wasn't thick and generous like I've had at BJ's or other restaurants. And because it wasn't made too firm, it kept falling out of the sandwich and onto my shirt (lucky, no car accidents). The store had neat stuff (bought a cow mug that had utters) to browse while waiting for my meal and the servers (thanks Jenifer) were great. But if you want to eat and enjoy their food, don't get it to go. My biggest mistake.

this place is great!Stick with the burgers.  We tried the sausage plate and hot dog and neither were that exciting.I love the duck and pork belly baos.  I would have liked to try the short rib one but they told me they took it off the menu.  The Banh mi burger was also very good.I would love to give this place 5 starts bu the location is not great for people staying on the Strip--about $20 cab each way from Mandalay, which basically doubles the price of anything on the menu.  5starts is you have your own ride but not worth the cab ride.  Please open a location on the Strip!  Please!!

When staying at Caesar's Palace, this is one of the more affordable and familiar places to munch at.  Whether it's a large portion of burgers or refined fish tacos, the meal is decent in terms of taste and price given it's in Vegas.  I'd order the sweet potato fries on the side.Service is fast and friendly.  The ambiance is a bit bare with cramped seating in small tables next to gambling tables with smoke.  Parking is ample in the hotel's garage.

I guess you'll all have to count me as part of this "vocal minority" who are critical of this restaurant, it has joined a long list of pizza restaurants in the South West of Las Vegas which I won't be visiting a second time. Perhaps it depends on who you get that influences your perception of customer service, but my experience as a walk-in customer was one of being rushed into my decision so the proprietor could get on with more important things.The pizza was edible, but with a very bland crust and unevenly cooked. Garlic knots are tasty but are beyond greasy.An uncomfortable ordering experience that paid off with blah-tasting food.

DO NOT GO IN THIS PLACE!!! I made a yelp account just to write this review for this horrid place.I never knew I could get the WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE EVER, especially in Las Vegas. If you're thinking bout eating in here, TURN AROUND and go to Pinks just outside or Lobster me next to fat tuesday.I ate here with my friends Friday 2/10/12 for breakfast and we were sure in for a treat. We got seated right away and asked for orange juices all around. 5 minutes later someone comes to take our order: 2 Classic Breakfasts, Sausage Biscuits, Bucket of Wings, Steak & Eggs, and Breakfast Skins (Potato Skins). Waiter comes back with waters all around, still no orange juice. 15 min later.. Bucket of wings come out; pretty good, not the best but still somewhat satisfying. (Still no orange juice)20 minutes have gone by no orange juice and still no food at our table. We're getting restless and impatient. Since no one bothered to ask us for refills we asked one of the waiters passing by to see if our food was ready. Another 5 minutes later, our food has arrived. Classic breakfast - Eggs were cold. Not hot. Not warm. Cold. Tater tots cold. Bacon was the only thing even close to warm.Sausage biscuits - You can tell by the look of congealed formation of skin on the gravy on the biscuits that it was only possible to achieve this look from sitting around too long. Not to mention that the biscuits were getting harder by the second. Hopefully they think twice before putting their biscuits in the microwave. Breakfast skins - Looks nice. No sour cream?? Potato skins were not even baked long enough, no crisp whatsoever. Steak & Eggs - Asked for medium rare, came out well done.After all our food was delivered, we had to ask for our orange juices. We couldn't even finish our food because of the low quality of food and service. I don't understand how you can eat at a restaurant and not even get asked "how's everything tasting?" "would you like refills?" "everything come out ok?" not once. After we asked for the check the busboy had was cleaning the table, literally everything while we were still sitting down. Picking up silverware, napkins, dishes, and even wiping it down while we were trying to pay. Couldn't it have waited till after we left? I would never come back to this God-forsaken place. Worst quality of food. Worst possible customer service. Worst lack of integrity for a restaurant. Save yourself the time and eat at pinks 2 min away or lobster me down the walkway, you won't regret it.

Kennedy's is a fun spot!  I have only really gone to drink, they have some great specials and a fun patio.  The food is typical bar food..nothing to write home about.  Sports fans, they have flat screens everywhere, all over the patio as well.  A fun place to go out with friends on a sat night as well as a fun place to day drink on the patio!  I'm a fan

My pregnant sister was craving crepes for the longest & 1 of our friends told us about this place so we decided to check it out after dinner. As I came in, I smelled something wonderful & sweet. Even though I was kind of full from eating at Montesano's Italian Eateria nearby, my stomach got excited again & my mouth started watering w/ the aroma. I got such a bad sweet tooth.The place was so clean & had that cute modern look. Very friendly staff. Very reasonably priced. There were so many options on the menu. Everything sounded good. We ended w/ the Cookie Monster, Banana Foster & the Elvis crepes w/ vanilla ice cream. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The cookie monster was my favorite. It was like eating that Half Baked ice cream by Ben & Jerry's but 100x's better. OMFG! I seriously want to come back again today. I'm in love. It's my first time having a crepe in shape of a cone w/ ice cream. I can't believe I've been missing out all this time. So thankful for my sister's pregnancy cravings. Next time I'm going to try either the Rebel or Tickle me Berry w/ the green tea ice cream. The Maui Fever sounds good too. I'm so excited for my next visit!

The first time I came here was with a bachelor party. We were sitting in the lounge area by the bar doing some drinking, and unbeknownst to us, the waitresses here are scantily clad, sporting massive jugs. I'll get to the food in a second.So we're sitting down and the waitress is right behind my friend Zach. She says, "Would you guys like any drinks?" Zach swiveled around to answer and accidentally got a face full of 36 F's. Like, an unintentional motorboat. Great life moment. Also, the little hostess with the tongue ring is highly attractive in that librarian kind of way, and you know she also owns thigh high boots... na'mean? I'd shake those buns. I'd let her hold my stein. With my eyes open and the lights on. Mmmmhmmm darlin'.The shakes. The shakes are insanity in a glass. I ordered a Compost shake and immediately wanted to vomit. I mean that in the best way possible. Think of like - an excitement induced vomit. Like when you get married or something. Actually, that's probably not the best analogy. What I'm trying to say is the shakes are incredibly rich and tasty, and I would recommend the Compost shake to anyone who was punishing themselves with tastiness.The burgers. The burger I ate was so delicious, there are no words to describe it. The best way to describe it would be to make a series of guttural noises and then pass out face down into a pile of puppies. I hadn't had anything like the kobe burger in a long time, and it's just what I wanted. My pants also wanted it, because I came home with the bad kind of stained pants. Messy burger.Two other things that stood out for me were the awesome art adorning the walls, and my waiter's enormous handlebar mustache. Good on you, mate!

I doubt it's still a secret as to how to find this joint, but just in case someone needs a tip: There's a hallway on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. If you're coming up the escalators, it'll be almost directly in front of you.I've had their pizza a handful of times and have always enjoyed it. Today was no exception. I went with something simple: Their white pie (garlic sauce and healthy chunks of ricotta cheese) with sundried tomatoes. Deeee-licious! Their crust is fantastic (LOVE thin crust). Now, it's not my absolute favorite white sauce, but it's still damn good. And if you're not a white sauce fan, their red sauce is fabulous too. Also, if you're not on the go or in a hurry, get the whole pie and take it home! Worth the savings (a slice of white pie is $5 compared to a whole white pie for $30). Oh, but pass on the fountain drink though; it's a red Solo cup for four bucks. Yikes.

I am picky, let that be known. Park Brugges satisfies my endless craving for mussels much in the same way its sister restaurant does. Situated in the charming business district of Highland Park, Park Brugges is a great place to spend a romantic evening, or get your grub on after work. Roll up those sleeves because moule's can get a bit messy at times if you dive into them with a zeal such as mine.I imagine they have other fantastic dishes on their menu, I am sure of it. Alas, I doubt I will ever discover it for myself as I am too busy getting lost in a sea of curried moules and crispy frites (mayo!), while the current of Unibroue carries me onward.

Came back to La Petite France twice after my initial visit, and both times were for crepes. I'm giving it one more star just for the delicious savory and dessert crepes!  Although service is consistently slow (compare to many other restaurants), I kinda respect it now that they are French, and why rush when you have the time to enjoy a nice meal :) So if you are busy with a limited time for a meal, just don't even bother to come!

Meh.

Zoe's is special for not fearing the Americanized taste bud. I don't mean the food is super exotic... I mean that they don't serve deceitful food just because it's popular.Many a "healthy" restaurant is so scared of people complaining about taste that they hide absurd quantities of sugar, fat, and salt in their dishes, just to avoid losing clients that probably shouldn't be there anyway. The rest of us end up with an entree that appears greener and more nutritious, but is actually just brimming with the same problem ingredients as the pasta everyone secretly wanted.Not at Zoe's. Sure, not every dish is "healthy", but the menu is pleasantly accommodating to any diet. They replaced every one of the original sides that came with my kebabs in exchange for a heap of veggies without hesitation. You can pretty much build your own dish, and for people avoiding gluten, dairy, obesity, this, that, and the other... that's pretty cool. The meat is cooked simply, nothing is drowned in sauce, and they don't skimp on the greenery. Plus, calories and nutrition facts are all available if you're feeling neurotic. Kudos to Zoe's, because even if my veggies would have tasted better soaked in cheese, my stomach thanks you.

Time for another update and it is still holding 4 stars!This will remain one of my favorites and moving to the other side of town sucks for a go to place for me like this.  I will drive over here for my hand made noodles, I guess because I have become spoiled!  The  Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup is my goto FAV and this time we splurged on calories and had the Spicy wonton appetizer with chili sauce.  OOMMGG yes a double OMG good love this stuff.  Would order every time but my waist will not allow that.  *Grumble* The main waitress is back home visiting so the service is not quite to par but I won't fault them for that because it is temporary service.  Food awesome as always and gesh I feel like I am saying good by :( a 30 minute drive will happen here and there but not as much as I would like.Love the food and highly recommend it.

Don't judge a book by its cover, considering this is in Papago Plaza. Mikas Greek is very nice inside, with a modern twist. The food is always fresh and the customer service is on point.

This restaurant opened in the same spot as Village Pizza, which had closed several months ago.  I was hoping that they would have gotten rid of the bad pizza taste when they cleaned and redid the interior.I think this new tenant has what it takes to stick around.  It's basically a mom and pop version of CiCi's.  I was greeted by a friendly face at the counter where I had an option to purchase the buffet or a la carte.  I had come for the buffet, so the buffet it was.  The lunch buffet was $5.49.  I grabbed my beverage cup and found a table.  The buffet featured salad, pizza, and two types of pasta..I can only speak to the pizza here because I ignored the salad and pasta.  I can tell you that the salad bar appeared to be your average salad bar featuring romaine, and the pasta served was penne and spaghetti.  The pizza was decent.  Nothing outstanding, but I wasn't paying for outstanding.  There were several different varieties of pizza available and the staff even took requests.  I asked if they had a buffalo chicken pizza, and they said Sure!  Ten minutes later, the pizza was out.  The staff calls out the pizza-type as they're put on the bar.  That is extremely helpful in getting the pizza you want.It's styrofoam plates and cups, so nothing fancy.  But the pizza is decent and the service is outstanding.  I'll be back!

An authentic place for meditation food, every thing is fresh. I have tried Greek salad, chicken and lambs shawarma with yellow rice. All items are really delicious.Worth it to try on weekdays lunch too,the last don't  forget to try "Baklva " it is Yummy too.

Yes Indeed I am a Fan of Le Thai. I find myself finding ways to be near Le Thai on East Fremont Downtown, just in case I get hungry.. I love this little Thai spot. It's definitely a more fused-up style of Thai cooking, hence the 'Le' :] but I love everything about it. I have never dined anywhere other than on the back patio under the mist sprayers, and even in 100+ degree heat, it is really comfortable back there. With all the items you would expect from a Thai menus - like Pad Thai and Panag Curry, Le Thai also incorporates some other delicious flavors.  My personal favorite is the Spicy Eggplant with Shrimp. It's. Really. Delicious. The only thing that I find is difficult for me to grasp is they're spicy seasonings. I can handle, and do enjoy some heat in my Asian-Style favorites, but the spice is often not consistent at Le Thai. I usually get a '4' out '5' when they ask for a preference in spice level.. Sometimes it's perfect, and sometimes it's not spicy at all, and then other times I can't even eat it it's so hot.  I have been told that they use 'Ghost Pepper' (look it up..its a really HOT pepper,) on the hotter end of the scale. This may be why it's sometimes hard to handle. The remedy for me, has been to order a level 3 and spice it up with the peppers and chili sauce they bring to the table. Then it's perfect for me every time. If you haven't tried it, and love Thai Food.. I think you will be very happy with Le Thai. Everything is fresh and the staff is great and the prices are right. See you there!

Stopped in for lunch to go.  No greeting while I stood at the counter waiting to order and two employees looked at me.  Ordered brisket sandwich and fries.  Fries were ok but they were dripping in grease.  The brisket was very tender but lacking in flavor.  I loaded it with chefs special sauce and it was much better.  The carolina sauce tasted like French's mustard with paprika and a little bit of onions.  It made for good sauce to dip my fries.  All things considered I would give them a B-

Poor Customer Service!! First time there I asked if the sauce was smooth and it was. The small pizza was great, very tasty. Second time on a large pizza, sauce was chunky, and my reviews show, I hate chunky pizza sauce! (I know I'm fussy, but that's the way it is) Last Monday 2/20 we went again for a large pizza. I asked the server if they could put smooth sauce on our pizza, like straining it or removing the chunks. She checked with the kitchen and told me "That's the way the sauce is" meaning take it or leave it. To me, it wouldn't have been a big thing to take a minute to remove the tomato chunks before baking my pizza to keep a customer coming back. So, since they didn't take care of my needs, I will never go back there and I'm using Yelp to vent my displeasure with this place. To the owner: Take care of the customers, or they won't come back.NOTE 3/4/2012-Lori from DeMarco's contacted me offering to "be our guest so we can make you happy". A nice gesture, but I don't care now. I don't want a free pizza. We'll spend our yearly $1500-$2000 on pizza someplace else.

My husband and I are foodies in the sense that we LOVE food and particularly enjoy 1. farm-to-fork establishments even more so if 2. they are inventive.I'll give this place inventive. I had a bacon-infused cocktail that was shaken with a whole egg. Now, I LOVE inventive cocktails. I consider myself somewhat of a cocktail connoiseur (hands down best cocktails ever = Santaella in Puerto Rico). This eggy, bacon concoction was just weird, though.On to the main course. My husband had the Heritage Farm Chicken Breast & California Chorizo Sausage. The mole crumb was yummy. But the chicken was so (so, so!) very dry!! So much so, he requested more sauce to help make it palitable (if this had been a larger restaurant, we'd have sent the dish back....we didn't want to hurt their bottom line). I ordered the King Salmon. I love King Salmon -- I've prepared it many times. The plate was $34 -- not outrageous for King Salmon. And it would have been a steal if it was good.... but sadly it was mushy. The table next to us sat three couples -- each of the wives ordered this dish and I noticed not one ate even half. Again, if this hadn't been a mom and pop operation, the fish would have gone back....The restaurant is cute and rustic. Although the tables and chairs feel like they'd be better suited for a diner. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. We came to Pittsburgh for a foodie weekend... and had anticipated that this would be the pinnacle. We left, unfortunately, feeling like our time (and money) would have been better spent elsewhere...

Nandos was by far my favorite chain restaurant in Europe. The butterfly burger was amazing, as I had one in the London, Dublin, and Edinburgh location. A must have if visiting!

In the never-ending Burger wars here in Las Vegas, Bachi Burger continues to be one of the best for me!They have an Asian Fusion thing going on that is amazing! Don't worry...you traditionalists can still get a basic cheese burger...and it will be amazing too!A few highlights - the fries are really interesting. I like the the S&P Garlic Fries, and my partner likes the truffle fries with drizzle. Check them out. Also the Pork Belly buns are awesome too! They make a great starter!

Pretty much the best doughnut I've eaten, ever.I am no connoisseur, despite the overly descriptive detail that will follow, but have had my fair share of donuts over the years and was admittedly impressed to find that it is in fact possible to make a version that tastes noticeably different than any other.We ordered a sugar twist, a buttermilk, a seemingly simple glaze, and Thai tea. I bit into the sugar twist first as it tends to be a fave and noticed immediately that there was a slight crisp to it that I had never experienced. The buttermilk was pretty much just a delicious warm biscuit that had been fried twice over in sugar. So bad, yet so very good. The glaze, which is usually my least favorite kind, ended up the real show stopper.  It was like a flaky layered croissant consistency, but with that same oh-so- slight outer crisp that accompanied the rest. Just pure evil really. The Thai tea wasn't my favorite (a little too syrup-y), but the outdoor seating was a bonus, the service was good, and at just under $5 the price was right.  I'm a fan and will be trying my hardest not to come back soon.

We had a really good experience at Stone. I'd say there are literally only two downsides...the first is parking, and the second is a restaurant layout issue, though not a real problem for our visit during a slower time. The former is what it is...you're not likely to get a spot that's close to the restaurant, but that can be said for most downtown places. The latter issue is simply where the robust wall menu is located in relation to where we ordered. Still not a huge issue...unless it's packed. Then I could see it being tough to order from.I liked how the idea was setup, though. You pick your crust, your sauce, your topping, etc. It's a fully customizable experience, and it's reasonably-priced.I got the caprese salad, which was good, and I like the lack of pretentiousness with everything served on pizza trays, a la Fiori's style. The pizza was perfectly cooked. A lot of these neapolitan pizza places that are popping up struggle to cook the center of the pizza so it's not soggy without overcooking the outside of the crust. Our pizzas were perfectly done, though! We kept it simple on our visit, but overall the nice service, fair prices, and delicious pizzas make Stone a place worth checking out if you're downtown and have a craving for pizza that won't leave you feeling miserably full of grease. The owner (I'm assuming based on his interaction with guests while making pizzas) was really nice and outgoing, and you could tell he was really interested in what people thought. That mentality will help Stone stick around. I just worry about location.

Great Thai food.  My wife and I will be back for sure.  She said she loved the curry and egg rolls.

Whipped over here and enjoyed a lunch outing today with Mark R. & Robyn N.  It's a simply decorated mid-sized cafe with a friendly host and reasonable prices.  The menu though, in my opinion, is a disaster case; very hard to follow and order from.  That's my big complaint about this restaurant.Once I managed to order a couple of things, I went with a street style Asada Taco ($1.30), and a plate of three Quesadillas, one with spicy chicken, one with beef, cheese and mushrooms, and one with marinated pork. ($6).  All three were covered with shredded lettuce and bits of cheese, and there was a nice sauce floating around on the plate underneath.The serving of chips for the three of us was dinky (even though we were brought a few more later), & they were paper thin.  The rest of the food was very good, so it's a high 3 Stars overall for this nice place.     :-)(Cash only.)

"Another burger place" was what I was thinking before going to BurGR.  Nowadays, everywhere you go there is a "gourmet" burger.  But, this place is different.  Just from walking in, there is a warmth here.  I couldn't help but watch the staff, and how friendly everyone was.  This is for sure a rareity recently in Vegas, as everyone only seems out for a tip.  I have to mention my server (Karlenda) by name, because I was FLOORED by her.  If I was opening a place tomorrow, I would be trying to steal her away.  Not only was she personable, but she had a perfect knowledge of the menu, and knew every question we could throw at her.  She seemed honestly happy to be there, and to be working.  She made the experience shine before we even got the food.  As for the food, we started with the chicken and soba noodle salad, which was so good we were fighting over the last bite as they were trying to clear the plate.  The thing that impressed me the most was the range of burgers.  Of course, there is the "boring-middle-of-the-road" plain burger (which I have nothing against, but I want adventure when I have a burger out somewhere.  So many of the burgers sound good, but I could not stop wondering about the burger with the mango chutney, and so I had to order it.  We also had the spicy hot dog and goat cheese burger at the table as well.  All I can say about the burgers is that there was not a bite left on the table.  They were AMAZING.  I couldn't believe I enjoyed them so much.  As for the hot dog, I am not normally a hot dog person, but it was spicy, delicious, I couldn't believe it.  I had under-estimated this place assuming it was going to be ok food relying on a celebrity name (which happens, sadly).  For dessert I had the banana shake with butterscotch pudding on top.  I let my friends at the table have ONE SMALL SIP, and the rest was mine.  This meal was not only great, but one amazing exprience I can't stop telling people about.  I can't stop thinking about those burgers, and I am looking forward to heading back over there soon!

Still too date my first Ramen experience in Vegas was at Monta Ramen so going too Monta Chaya brought back found memories. I hardly go too Monta not out of dislike just not someone generally likes too wait. When you have Ramen Sora right down the road not as busy and just as good if not better. Few and far between see Monta. Monta Chaya brought back all the things I first love about getting me some ramen just like back home in da islands. The shoyu ramen broth LOVE it! I love the depth of flavor and the noodles are awesome. The gyoza now that is something sorely MISS. By far all the Ramen places in town been too few but truthfully not all. Monta gyoza is league by itself. I think its cooked too right on and the filling had so much flavor. I also had the kim chee fred rice as side. It was ono. Just had right balance with the kim chee not spicy at all but well rounded with the vegetables and the sauce. I am just happy that Vegas is blessed too add another great Ramen place in town. Now with so many locations not part of town in that find some good Ramen.The biggest bonus about this location and if ever need my Monta fix for sure this is location I would go before the original. The food is the same at both locations. Just SO much nicer at Monta Chaya for obvious reason its brand new, LOT more spacious seating from tables too seating at the bar, and like the decor inside very much modern asian theme. The staff was friendly especially since went with my asian persuasian crew five of us in all. They did great job of staying on top of our drinks and everything coming out in timing matter. So if in the area need your Ramen fix Monta Chaya is place too get some!!!

The food was not good! The fish had a chicken texture. The Cajun flavoring was say to spicy. The service over all was ok.  And the rice was good. This place is overrated.

Ok, folks this place is a true hidden gem.  Inside the old Gold Spike, is a great place for Breakfast and lunch.   Prices are good, food is great,  atmosphere is comfortable.   Staff  are friendly and a kick in the pants.

I wish I could give 4.5 stars.... Overall, it was a pretty good experience. Here's how I rate everything:food (#19 Pho)-8/10. Great flavor, good portion size for price. My only real complaint here is that the beef was a little fatty and wasn't sliced really thin. I've always liked when places serve the beef in pho paper thin-even if that means I get less beef. The menu lists one size foe $6.95, it's pretty big. You can apparently also order an XL serving, but I did not ask the price.drink (Thai iced tea)- 5/10. Ok. I've had much better. $2.50. Probably won't get this again.Service- 10/10- I walked up to the door carrying my son in a car seat, the man working there opened the door and welcomed me with a smile, lead me to a table and grabbed me a high chair. He even put the car seat into the high chair and made sure it was secure before signaling my waitress. She was also great! She must have noticed me struggling with the chop sticks, because she brought me out a fork, then a glass of water when my tea was half gone. I asked for neither but appreciated both. Top notch.Atmosphere/location: 7/10: I lump these two together because I tend to care more about the later, but I know some people put a lot of value in atmosphere. It is a pretty small place, I think only 7 tables or so. Atmosphere is nothing special, but you are brought you drinks, unlike my usual pho place, which is a small nicety.I will definitely be going here again.

Love it. The Winneburger (truck edition) is a delightfully sharp attempt to serve american classics (cheeseburgers, in particular) without relying on going overboard with size and toppings. So sharp, in fact, that all I'm going to talk about is the burger.Small bun? Check. Two patties, bacon, cheese? It's all there. And yet it's one of the quickest food truck eats; a perfect lead-up before you reach for something adventurous. It's everything you want out of a burger fest with half the work.The flip-side, of course, is that if you want to be filled you'll want two. But I say this is burger tapas - meant to be gobbled and savored as you wait out the lineup at a truck or coffee shop.

$6.50 all day menu! Great thai food. The red curry was the best i have had on this side of town. On par with Archie's!

We ate at texas roadhouse for dinner last night. Our server was a young man with a great friendly personality wish I had gotten his name. We truly enjoyed him. I ordered the prime rib and it was super tough I told him this and he took care of it promptly also sent the manager over. We  ordered a steak instead which came out with two more sides it was excellent. My party of four really  enjoyed our meal and appreciated the swift fix of mistakes..

So Koi seems out of place in Arrowhead Fountains. I mean the center it's in definitely needs a sushi place and I am glad Koi is there, but Koi seems more strip mall-y/dive-y than anything.They have a lot of rolls to choose from (at least 50, one named for each state).We ordered the dumplings and two rolls.I am pretty sure one of the rolls was wrong, but we really liked it so we didn't say anything.The food was good, inexpensive.The service was just ok.It's definitely a place I would come back to after a movie, but not a place I would go out of the way to eat at.

While staying at the Queen Elizabeth last week, concierge recommended this place to us. It was waking distance from our hotel and seemed to have a good vibe upon entering. A fabulous hostess seated us upstairs near the open kitchen area. We asked the waiter for food recommendations and while none of us were eating red meat at the time and made that clear, he continued to say that it was a steakhouse and that was the only thing worth on the menu. It was disconcerting that he couldn't be positive about the Lobster Grilled Cheese or fried chicken sandwich. We then opted to just get a few appetizers, which were good. The fried cheese balls were delicious. We shared a fried chicken sandwich which was outstanding. It was delicious and came with slaw and shoestrings fries. Highly recommend this dish if you go and don't want steak. Also, the quinoa chicken salad was huge and delicious. A great plate to share.

The burger was tasteless, overcooked and made from bad meat. The chicken in the chicken burger was dry and tasteless. The beer was served in a can and we had to pay for the fries that were left on our table when we returned our food. Truly a bad experience.

