Went with a galpal for lunch not long ago. The atmosphere was, well, it was like a glorified sports bar. The music was loud, but upbeat and it was packed with college age kids watching a game. The flat screens are nice, but it's not my choice location for watching anything long. Lunch was ok, burgers aren't bad. The fries took so long to come out that our waiter, who was a riot, came to our table and looked at us and says, deadpan, I'm going in there to make your fries. I'll be right back. Five or so minutes later he's got a grease stain on his shirt and fries in his hand. I don't know if he actually made them or not, but I got a kick out of that. I give it an A-OK for a lunch time hangout but all around I'm pretty underwhelmed by it.
I can't believe this gem has no reviews.  I stopped by America's Taco Shop the other night expecting something similar to what I get at El Rinconcito.  No comparison whatsoever.  The carne asada tacos here are far superior and much for sizeable.  Sure the place isn't nearly as fancy, but the food is excellent.  The owners are friendly but you will likely need to brush up on your Spanish before you go.  I love this place.
Great service & great food! Brought a group of 13, 5 being small children. Everyone was so kind!!!
Good sign when the crowd includes policemen, firemen, business and more importantly locals.  Another good sign when my 3 and 4 year old make me wait in line not one extra time but two times so that they could get thirds.
4 stars just because how could I give Taco Bell 5??To start, I am biased towards food wrapped in a tortilla..  I love it..  Put pizza or ice cream in a tortilla, and it is just that much better.  Short of the extreme of the Taco Time SNL sketch (google it), wrap my meal in a tortilla to go!Ok, as for Taco Bell, for the most part you know what you are going to get.  While I have had a few 7-layer burritos that were "off" in the past, for the most part, there is little surprise.I just want to commend this particular location because it is probably the busiest Taco Bell I have ever seen.  Any day M-F and this place is a mad house at lunch time.  Thankfully, they are super fast on servicing both the "Here" and "To Go" orders..  That's it..  4 starts for a Taco Bell that delivers the highest quality of crap fast food mexican at the fastest pace!
Just tried this pizza for the first time....although I have lived in the neighborhood 7 yrs...   The picture they have on their brochure depicts a nicely browned and bubbly pizza reflecting lots of cheese that actually looked like cheese...Unfortunately the actual pizza looks absolutely nothing like the picture...I ordered a pepperoni pizza and there was 2 slices that had 2  pieces of pepperoni and the rest  had one little pepperoni on each slice.The pizza is very doughy....the toppings are sparse and the cheese is a paper thin layer that resembles a dominoes or papa john type.....In essence....for $7.40 appox for a 1 topping pizza it will do when you just crave pizza and have little funds ...Remember....you get what you pay for!   I do have to compliment them on the quaint eating area ....just a few tables but very homey feeling.....very nice employees.I am not sure if I will try it again....
Good food.  Decent beer selection.  Over priced.
Keeping this short and sweet:  The food here tastes like the food you get in Thailand.  Authentic enough for you Phoenix?
This was our second time having china rainbow, and I can officially say that I am a fan. I decided we would try this place because it has two unusual proteins for a valley menu, Lamb and Duck. I'm used to these at nicer resturants back east but not out here. My wife had the Yuling Chicken the first time we went and I can say it was great. A full chicken breast fried in batter and perfect with the delicious yuling sauce and I had hunan lamb good and spicy...super spicy and tasty. I didn't care for the water chestnuts in the wonton soup otherwise it was good. Tonight we got takeout and I took the plunge and got the yuling duck and the wife got orange chicken. The menu "highly recommends" the orange chicken and for good reason, It was really good. I would order it for myself everytime we go but I'm gonna try something new next time. I got the fried wonton appetizer which was a waste of money even if it was just $3 it was just fried wonton wrappers with no filling I was expecting actual soup fried wontons or for them to be stuffed with something. Still a great place with really good and very reasonably priced food.
drove up to wickenburg w/friends to have lunch we decided to try anitas . i had the carne asada tacos w/beans the beans were smokey and flavorfull tacos were very good as well wife had the chili rellenos good flavor our friends meals were brought to them and the server switched them so it took our friends a few minutes to figure that out..service was good (except for the mix up) will defenetly return they also do breakfast
Worst pizza I've ever had! So soggy and too much sauce. I hate it when the crust is soggy!!!
I'm not sure what else to say about this place that hasn't been already said. This place is LEGIT. Lines are long but goes fast. Chicken has always been fresh as can be when I go there.Chicken is the best I have tried in the south so far.The service was top notch also. The south for sure is very very nice and friendly and this place is no exception.This is my place to eat again when coming back to NC.
They have good food and I love their Hot dogs!
"EAT MO BETTAH!' I sure did!Walk into this small building, order your food from a super chill lay back guy and minutes later you feel like you in New Orleans. The commercial for Zatarain's was playing in my mind the whole time I was eating. But so much better then the box stuff.Would recommend the Mardi Gras Combo (red bean&rive, jambalaya & shrimp creole) because most of the time I can't make up my mind. Now the Shrimp Étouffée is said to be very, very hot. So I got a half order to play it safe. For me I've had spicier food elsewhere. Don't get me wrong it's hot put not with 2 verys. I was kinda let down by this cause I LOVE spicy food. Hotter the better.
I love it here! Their sizzling tofu dish is awesome, and you usually get enough for three meals. Lots of veggie options, and my husband loves their orange chicken (as did I when I used to eat chicken). Ask for it spicy -- it's delish!
If I lived in Vegas, I would be here ALL the time. LOVE. Things to dig:Its pretty. Really. Love the decor and ambiance.Service. I am a whore for good service. FRESH. SUPER FRESH. UBER FRESH. yay fish!Fave apps:1. Wok Fried Calamari and Shrimp- lightly fried and golden with a sweet and spicy dip laced with fish sauce. 2. Korabuta Pork Potstickers- extra special potstickers, not at all greasy with an awesome ginger sauce.3. Filo Wrapped Tiger Prawns- shredded filo envelops these gigantic prawns and they are laid in a basil-coconut sauce that is out of this world.Fave Rolls:1. Little Buddha Roll- this is one of those rolls where it is a lot, but it all just goes together. The crab is awesome and of course anytime you have spicy and sweet together I am a fan. 2. Fantasy Roll- light and fresh. The crab is real and king and the halibut is thin on top.3. Palm's Roll- killer Naruto, not too spicy.I am not a fan of spicy food, but everyone else loves the Jalapeno Yellowtail. And I have to admit, the only entree I have tried is the fried rice :)Sake menu is great, they have mochi for after dinner and the pistachio creme brulee is to die for. Pretty expensive, but this is Vegas. Unless you leave the strip, this is what you will pay everywhere. Plus, the Palms is very generous with food comps. Get a card even if you aren't playing much and you might be surprised how much you get off your bill (just give it to your server and they will take care of it). Of course, comps can't cover tip. Single gripe: They don't have tamago :(
Overall 3.5 starsGold medal - sweet shrimp Silver medal - uniBronze medal -  gyozaIf you are looking for sushi then sushi coma is better.  If you are looking for rolls, the rolls at Yama are really yum.The sweet shrimp at Yama is really good.  It is large shrimps and they fry the head.The uni was fresh and super creamy.  The gyoza was very crispy and tasty.  Super long wait, so try to get there early.Happy Sushiing!!
I love Fuji.  I have been coming to this place for as long as I can remember because it has been my entire life.  Since it is one of my grandfather's favorite places, I have been sat in a highchair at Fuji as well as celebrated my college graduation with friends and family.  The menu is simple, but the food is always solid.  The service is friendly and not as slow as some other reviews suggest.  And the food is totally authentic home-style Japanese.  It reminds me of my grandmother's food - a memory that  has not been invoked by any other Japanese restaurant.Consistent and delicious, you can count on Fuji to fulfill a Japanese craving.
Every time I come here, I order the Snow White roll.  Amazing.  I don't know exactly all they put in there, but the special sauce that goes on it, is what makes it so amazing.I've done the AYCE here for dinner.  It is a bit pricey and will only be worth it if you're a big eater.  Oh, and make sure you finish everything on there, otherwise, they will charge you a la carte for it.
I had the lamb chops in a balsamic Serrano chili reduction sauce. The chose I ordered medium rare. The plate was saturated in this sauce which was incredibly over powering, too vinegary and really needed to reduce longer or use a better quality balsamic. I had this taste in my mouth for days. It was edible but I don't feel was executed properly and for the cost I would expect that. When i told the waiter he said it's not for everyone. I explained that the issue was the vinegar was over powering and if it was properly done it should be more sweet than vinegar. The lamb chops were a little over done cooked medium well-ish and were and effort to cut. The tamale served with it was underwhelming at best. My friend had the ciopinno, and it was phenomenal.. I was very  very jealous of his dish and he was lovely to share with me. The flavor of the broth was sensational, I could drink the broth. The seafood was quality.We had the hibiscus margaritas, which I loved! The bread served at the beginning was interesting. Some I liked more than others. the jalapeno corn bread I felt just had a weird flavor, and the taste of baking soda was intense. My husband didn't seem to notice. The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desires. I feel more as if i am in some high ceiling-ed cafeteria with table cloths. It's not romantic or special, more of a cattle call. I think the design could have lent a little more to the intimacy and experience of enjoying the food. Again, for the price I have had better for less. Based on my experience and for the cost this place, I would say I expected more.  The Ciopinno is what saved my experience. I might try this place again if I was with a group or person who insisted on going but would not get the lamb, and most likely wouldn't seek it out again.
For a chain, this place is not bad at all. Dont get me wrong, I have nothing against restaurant chains. In fact, they are pretty good sometimes because you know there is going to be consistent ambiance and you will not be in for a surprise, there is bound to be a regular dish off the menu that you like and always order and so on. We went to Biaggi's for dinner. After we were seated, a friendly waiter came up to us and while he was greeting us, explaining what the menu of the day was, he was preparing a dressing of olive oil with cheese and pepper on a small plate simultaneously (talk about multitasking..). After taking our orders for appetizers, warm bread was served. There were two types of bread- one was a regular bread, the other one was.. i dont remember actually. My husband got a soup - vegetable soup and it was extremely tasty! For main course, I got the penne sardi without the chicken and my husband got the eggplant parmiagana. The penne sardi turned out be the best penne I have ever had so far. With the flavor of breadcrumbs and garlic with a hint of tomato creamy sauce, this was absolutely great! And, after getting to know the fact that they were a chain, i was pleasantly surprised, since the overall experience of service, food was way beyond expectation compared to any other chain. They have a good selection of deserts. But their main course is so filling that you end up taking the food home and leave without tasting the deserts.They have a good selection of wine too and usually, there are suggestions available for pairing with your food as well. When you enter the restaurant, you will find a lot of business cards on a table. These happen to be the business cards of the different chefs working in the kitchen. I found this pretty neat :)The downside of this place is the food is a little over priced. But I would highly recommend this place for italian food.
I love this place- the German beer and the pretzels. Especially the pretzels- one of the tastiest pretzels I have ever had. There was a large group of us- all very drunk as part of a bachelor party. The waitstaff was patent with us, as Vegas is all about drunken douchebags causing problems. Eventually, after several Nazi jokes and broken steins, we got kicked out. What was painful was that we got some glass in the food of the table next to us, and they stuck us with part of their bill....
Best burger place. Lived her for 5 yrs, and only Indulge burger comes even close...but still by a long shot. The turkey burger is amazing, and the caprese sandwich is even to die. The most quality ingredients around. The salads are delicious, the deserts are incredible, and if you don't mind the possibility of a wait, the staff is great too. Not to mention the beer selection is off the hook. Something for everyone. Don't have a take on the wine, not a big wine connoisseur. And also not a red meat eater, but I bring all of my out of town visitors (from the midwest...they know their beef) and they love it! MmmMMmmMMmmm!
Not much for breakfast just eggs and meat
Good sushi but a bit expensive all you can eat is $ 30B
Fix Bar and Grill is located  inside the Bellagio Hotel. I dined here only because my sister was getting married at the Bellagio. We had a reservation for a party of 20, if your entire party can't make it there is a $40 fee per empty seat. Our party was seperated into 3 tables, they have no large tables there. After being seated we where greeted by several waiters, they share the tables. We were served by a very mean waiter. He gave us total attitude, forgot to take one persons order at our table. We waited 30 mintues for our food. While the other two tables ate we sat staring at each other. I spoke to the manager about our horrible service and he apologized, of course. Out of our three tables mine was the only one that added the tip to our bill. So my thinking is because we didn't not order as much liquor as all the other tables and I spoke to the manager, they then added the tip to my bill to guarantee they got something out of us. My aunt told me that because Vegas really has know gauranteed customer returns there is no need to try to impress the customer. SO TRUE.  I do not recommend anyone eating here at FIX. The food was pricey and really didn't taste that great. Service was horrible to say the least and if there was a star that gives a 1/2 Star I would have choosen that.
My first time! My children kept talking about this place. They are 19 years old with huge appetites and this place fits the bill. I had the BBQ sandwich with the absolute best okra ever as a side. My son had the monster burger with BBQ atop and slaw. It was too tall to bite. I grazed off their plates. Can't wait to go again. Well worth the money.....yum yum.
Price about what you would expect at a strip hotel cafe. We ate twice on our trip here. I had the steel cut oats both times and the price on those was good. No kids menu so both of my kids had regular order of pancakes on first breakfast here. They should have shared one and still would have had one pancake left over. Took the leftovers and used them as snacks as we walked the strip. The second visit they shared a plate.
absolutely delicious . I am glad I came here early in my vacation ,so I can go there again . I had the cheesy omelette ranch potatoes and a banana nut muffin.  I was looking at the stuffed strawberry French toast, no really I literally was staring at it, the lady probably thought I was a creeper, but I am getting that sometime this week, with a side of ranch potatoes.  However, the chicken salad sandwich sounds good too...I did not get to stare at it to report back...sorry.  Whatever you do...order those ranch potatoes!!
This place is by far the best sushi place i've ever been to!!
I love this place!!  Very good food at reasonable prices.  Be prepared for a wait with large groups and at peak times, but the food is worth it.
What the hell Tom Colicchio?!?!?!  My blindfolded cats can make a better sandwich!  I'd give it -5 stars but I can't. Hubs and I were at the pool and wanted some food.  Since we've been long time fans of Tom on Top Chef we thought we'd give it a try.  We weren't surprised by the prices (it is on the strip, after all) and expected the sandwiches to be top notch.  We ordered the slow roasted pork and flank steak.  I should've known this was going to be a problem when I didn't see the cheddar in the steak sandwich.  It said "aged cheddar" on the menu, why wasn't it on my sammie??   Ehhhh, I wasn't going to walk all the way back to the eatery from the pool.  I thought to myself, "I can deal, I'm sure the rest will be yummy".  Boy was I wrong.  If you like some bread with a sliver of meat and a pound of salt, this is the place for you!   I'm pretty sure the high school kid at subway can assemble a nicer sandwich than this.  Not only were they thrown together, there was barely any stuff on the bread...  not to mention my forgotten cheese.   And it was sooo salty!  Sorely disappointed, Tom.  How come all the other food you make on TV looks so good?  You've really cashed in on your fame.  I'd write him a note expressing my concern but I know it won't reach him and he's too busy raking in $$$ to care. Looking for a good sandwich on the strip?  Try Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood.
I am across the country and cannot believe how much I miss Manolo's Pizza and Empanadas!Empanadas:So many choices and vegetarian friendly! My favorites are the pepperoni pizza and bean and cheese. Stay away from the mushroom and thyme, I thought it was awful. I haven't tried their dessert empanadas: brownie and cheesecake. The san telmo anything is okay if you want more of "meat and veggie" taste.Pizza:The BBQ Meats pizza is why I can never become vegetarian! Imagine a super thin pizza crust where BBQ sauce substitutes marinara sauce. Then add chicken, bacon, ground beef, pepperoni and sausage. Mmmmmm....You had me at bacon.I've also enjoyed their other specialty slices.I also have to give credit to Manolo's for having great pizza crust. The thinness of it toasts so well in the pizza oven that you have to hold yourself back from inhaling the entire slice in five minutes.Ambiance:Limited indoor seating and a few outdoor seats when the weather is nice. I suggest taking your food and sitting in the Krannert outdoor theater.
awesome place to eat. I come here regularly on my lunch break in the service is always friendly I recommend asking them to 'mix it up' for you once your burro is done they mix it all up before wrapping it :)
Very good food!! Try the fundido sauce!
Don't pay attention to the snob reviewers. No, it's not the best steak in Phoenix. If you have to have the best of everything everywhere you go then that says all we need to know about you.If it's busy,  you're going to wait.  We call that "science". I really liked my steaks each time I have eaten here. Last trip I spotted someone eating some really good looking ribs. I'll have to try those next time.Come for a decent steak,  a good meal,  interesting atmosphere and a great view at night.
I've been coming to Chloe's Corner since it opened back in the day as "The Counter."  It is probably one of my favorite lunch spots in the area.  It is quick, yet relaxed...and the food is perfect.  They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.  I usually always get the Classic grilled cheese along with a cup of their tomato soup.  I don't know what it is about this grilled cheese, because their really is nothing out of the ordinary about it, but damn they are so good.  Dip it in the tomato soup and it is a bit of heaven (or your childhood...).  When I feel like switching it up, I'll usually get the chinese chicken salad.  The chicken is shredded and the dressing (ginger-soy) is so delish....I usually end up ordering an extra side of the dressing because I like it so much.If you are in the Kierland/Scottsdale Q area for lunch, do not hesitate one bit to come into Chloe's Corner for lunch.  It's quick, affordable, and tasty.
My experience here has left me with no words. Bad service. Mediocre food. I can definitely say I'm never coming here again. It took over 20 mins to get our table some water and the waitress didn't own up to her mistakes and blamed the busboy for not bringing the water. When we got the water, it tasted horrible. Our hotel room sink water tastes better than that. The food came so late as if they left to catch the fish we were going to consume. The waitress then forgot to put in one of our rolls and apologized in the most stand offish way possible saying it was a "human error" as if she wasn't even sorry about it. As we received the bill, my friend realized she got spicy tuna when she had wanted yellowtail. All in all worst place ever! The only decent person was the busboy. Avoid the waitress with a feather tattoo behind her ear.
We had a great work dinner here.  There were about 20 of us and the staff did a great job timing the courses.  The food was nothing extraordinary.  I ordered the New York strip.  The meat could've used a little more marbling.   The cornbread we got before the salad was the best thing I ate the whole night.  One annoying thing at this place was that the butter was so hard/cold you couldn't use it on the soft bread.  Get with it.
This is a friendly local restaurant.  The service is quick and the staff friendly.  It's a good place when you want Mexican food but want a step up from fast food or casual quick.  I will say, however, on both of my visits, my meal was good but arrived at my table barely warm.  Would have been better had my meals been served hot.  Dinner for 2 including drinks and tip was just over $40.00.
Very good food. We are here for dinner. And both of us ordered lamb entree, lamb curry and lamb tandoori. They are fantastic. But I don't like the desserts because they are too sweet for me.
So, i went to see Javier Colon in concert on Tuesday night....which i had been waiting for an opportunity to see him perform live since 2004, so i was stoked about going. I ordered the tickets, which were front row btw, at a decent price for seats reserved...not bad for $38 per ticket i thought. I waited a week and a half for my tickets to make their journey through the mail, but still nothing, even on the day of the concert, nada! I called and was told they would be there at will call for me, so i show up after struggling to find a sitter for my daughter and the long drive from Queen Creek, only to just be escorted to our seats, no ticket stub for a keepsake or anything(AWESOME #1....not). We get to our table and not only are the seats i reserved not empty, but apparently they thought i'd be cool with letting someone else sit in one of our reserved seats and myself or my wife just slide over one. Well, that would have been cool if i wanted my head right next to a PA system, and to krank my neck up like i was talking to Shaq for 3 hours, but not only do i like my hearing, but i also have a bulging disc in my neck....(AWESOME #2!). When we were seated, it took roughly 15 minutes before a server came to speak with us even to ask us if we wanted a drink or menus...sure why not....my wife and i decide that we will each get one item, i was gonna get a beverage and she was getting a desert, since we had just eaten dinner while on the way to the show. About 10 minutes later, a different server approached us, we gave our order...only to be told that we must both order 2 items minimum, otherwise it will be an additional $10 per person(Awesome #3) I'm pretty sure i paid for my concert ticket, not a food plate...thanks though, not so much!We finally just got fed up so that we told the server we were not going to order any item, only to be told, rudely i might add, that it states such on the ticket stub(which once again we hadn't received). Obviously not an issue i could help them with, especially seeing as how their was barely even walking room for anyone over 95 lbs. Crowded is a good thing for a concert, but do you really want the assortment of food smells and liquors mixed with the other customers bad breath as the scent of a date night. (That's #4!)After the show was over, right as we were in the process of getting up from our seats to make our way to the door, our original server approaches us, immediately apologizing for the other servers actions and tone. We stated it was fine but we will definitely never be going back. For being nice, so to speak...i'd rather stick to real venues...that actually are about service, not dollars...one thing i have learned in my life...treat people right, be treated right....No TIP FOR YOU!.
I have heard so much about this place, so I finally tried ifor my first time. It did not live up to the hype that was built. It was decent service and decent food, but not worth the price....$12.99 for a half rotisierre chicken. Frys gives you a whole one for $5.99 and it tastes the same. I guess I was paying for the dish soap used to wash the LARGE plates...so large, there was so much space on them. Just saying, if I am going to pay the prices charged there, I expected MUCH better. I still may go, if someone can convince me I ordered the wrong item.
It's fine.  No, really, it's fine.Seriously, it's fine.I'm not being sarcastic, it's fine.__________________________________(this is just for the breakfast buffet, which I've had 10-15 times since I usually stay here when I come to Pittsburgh)
Day after thanksgiving me and my buddy thought we would have breakfast at Chompies. The place was crowded but we got seated right away. At first glance it looked like any other major deli, but after seeing the menu I saw that they have a different kind of selection. Wanting to try a something new I went for the famous "Original Jewish sliders" as featured on Man vs Food. They are 2 pieces of challah with latka and and brisket, topped with cheese.  It was great, and It was super filling. I don't know how he had 11 of them. I was full after 3. They are packed and rich with ingredients. My friend ordered the Spanish omelet, and he said it wasn't very good, but he finished it cause he was hungry. Overall I would have to try more stuff on the menu to really judge this place. The service was pretty good, and friendly, but a lot of the food just looks average.
Food is delicious. I had the Vegenini, it is like a vegetarian pizza. I loved it. The potato fries are also delicious. Customer service is always friendly.
Brian and his staff are very friendly.  The quality of the sushi and other dishes are fantastic.  I highly recommend the tuna carpaccio, it's AMAZING.
While not inedible, I don't think the flavors were at all authentic. We tried the chicken curry, eggplant, vegetable korma and tandoori chicken. Of these, the chicken tandoori and v. Korma were best. The nan was decent. The food, even at medium, is not at all spicy.
We had the best steak and Mac and cheese here.  The tomato soup is awesome.  However, the salmon was way too salty.  It was so salty that it ruined a good piece of good fish.  We should have taken it back, but we were too tired that we wanted to go back to our room.  The broccolini was plain and the mash potato was just ok.
Went to this spot because it was close to the Putt Park. Sadly Putt Park was a huge let down, but thankfully the restaurant was YUMMY!We ordered a little bit of everything. The waiter was great. We were pretty much the only table there which can lead to servers being all over you or nowhere in sight but not our guy :) I will definitely go back.
We only went there because we had a gift certificate. The caesar salad had been sitting in dressing too long and was wilted, and the croutons were so hard I nearly broke a tooth! My daughter, who is 13, said her basic alfredo pasta was "disgusting", and I have to admit that it was pretty gross, swimming in milk and completely lacking any seasonning. My husband's tequila chicken pasta was very bland. But my fish tacos, surprisingly, were very good! The menu is all over the place...Pizza? Lebanese? American/? Mexican? We don't know! WIll we go back? Probably not.
my husband and I ordered oeufs fameux with fromage and  Benedict montreal smoked meat.  They are quite good.  Better than the same food in other restaurant.If I have to say what are not perfect on our plates are the patates rissolees and the Hollandais sauce.The tates of the ppotatos are good and special, they are cooked with rosemary and some kind of meat.  But they are  too much minced.  I think it's because they are over-boiled.  And we figure out they might make the Hollandais sauce by themselves, the sauce is way too rich, you will feel very stuffed after eating two Benedict eggs.And I'm surprised that they charged for the coffee which other restaurants seem don't do. We paid $35 tax included for that meal.   It's an enjoyable meal anyhow.  We will go back again.
Would give them 1 star but that's not fair as I'm a vegetarian now... So this review is solely based on the fries and service. I ordered a small fry to go and noticed they scooped the fries out of a metal bowl that wasn't even being heated.. The fries were dry and barely warm. I requested gravy but they said they didn't offer it except for with poutine?!?!  But I don't really eat dairy so I just wanted gravy and would pay extra.. Nope they refused to sell me gravy. I only had a few bites as the fries were dry and then when I got home (TMI sorry) I rushed to the bathroom. I guess my system rejected this crap.PS- no A/C during 33 degree weather.Gave an extra star as I'm a vegetarian healthy eater and feel somewhat biased reviewing a fast food joint.
It's a great place and very customer-friendly. I loved the broth separation in the same pot (caters to different tastes: check). You are immersed in vapors and you come out feeling very full. I enjoyed almost everything I put on my plate, but when the place is crowded the food can get mixed up on the shelves. I really like it.
I have been coming to Casanova Brothers for about 2 years and I can honestly say that I've never had less than an exceptional experience. The owners remember your name, ask about your family, and genuinely care about each customer's experience. The Sicilian pizza is great, thick but never doughy, and crunchy with the perfect amount of cheese. However, the white pizza is what keeps me coming back! You can order by the slice or get the whole pie, and my staple toppings on the white pizza are sausage, onion, and spinach. A must try! Atmosphere is inviting and the staff are excellent. If you are a pizza snob, you will find no better pizza around!
The best Ive had in a long time! They treated us like family and the food was wonderful. Finally a place w/ island style portions and recipes! I will be using the service I just received as a model for the restaurant I manage. Thanks Island Flavor
Great coffee shop with great service! Always happy with the drink and food. Keep up the good work!!
Awesome service. Awesome meal. Lobster Pot Pie still the best experience ever, but should be shared. If you like Kale, the Kale Caesar salad is Unbelievable
being korean i've learned that i cannot go a few days without eating korean food i really don't know why, but it's something that i have to have within days. so i realized ginseng 3 opened about 6 months ago and my mom and i decided to go there for new years eve. we had the mandu duk guk (dumpling rice cake soup) because it's tradition to eat it on new years (long life or good luck...idk something like that) and it was good!!! i'm only giving it a 4 because i haven't had anything else here, but i will definitely update next time i go back :)
Gotta say I was surprised at this place...I maybe a frequent customer.They dry rub the ribs then add a tomato based sauce on top of it. The meat was just about falling off the bone and good. The sauce on the ribs, frankly I gotta try it again. It was good I just couldn't get a feel for it. Not spicy, a little sweet with smokyI also got a pulled pork sandwich, yes I did get a half a rack and a sandwich, what, big man gotta eat!  The sauces on the table where good I tried eat one. The mustard based one had a kick to it that I'm gonna venture and try again.I asked about the rib sauce and they don't keep it on the table just for the ribs.Only bad part was how the served the corn beard in aluminum foil for some reason that reminded me of school lunch back in the day. I ate it though!I'll be back at the Rock Store and we'll update when I've got a clearer picture. A solid 4 star on the Que for now.
my bf made reservation a month or so back for our valentines day dinner here..since we had a great time here at our anniversary dinner (read my other review for that!)we were standing at podium for a good 10mins b/c there was noone there...so i eyed someone in the resturant to have them someone come over to help us...we waited for 5mins in their lil seating area to be seated...and the service was great but as amazing as it was last time though. we ordered wine, i ordered hot sour soup since it is def yummy, and we ordered the shredded beef tenderloin and shredded pro and shared both dishes...boy! we were full! it was delicious and i recieved a rose since it was vday :) so that was a great gesture!my bf and i would come here yet again..since its prob the only few resturants we would drop money for food on...of course for a special occasion though aha
"Never judge a book by its cover". This is one of those small gems that people might not give a 2nd look. It's a free standing building that has had its share of restaurant tenants. If a buddy hadn't told me about Luu's, I might never have spotted it. The food is cooked fresh, and it is GOOD! Chicken and beef dishes are my favorites. Very casual, fast food ambiance, but definitely dine-in restaurant quality. Tam and Christy are very friendly. There is a convenient drive-thru, also. CHECK IT OUT!
1 plate of anything here should be enough for 4 small people or 2 large people
Sooo, my rating isn't really regarding the food. I've been twice- waited until after the 2nd time to Yelp to give them a fair chance but really wanted to share my experience to possibly save somebody else from the hassle.... Both times the food was pretty good.  The wings weren't amazing but they certainly weren't terrible either. My biggest beef is with the service. BOTH times we had suuuuuuuper slow servers. Both times they screwed up at least 2 times.  The first guy gave us the wrong order, I'm a good patron, I totally expect stuff happens and I usually give the benefit of the doubt. Well- he AGAIN brought the wrong thing. How does one manage to do that!?We decided to give them another try since it's the closer BWW to us and we were totally craving wings. Well? It was way worse this time.  Food quality was the same- pretty good.  Service? Sucky.  It was really odd because there seemed to be an over abundance of employees scheduled this particular night and yet the service was super slow.  When the girl finally came to take our orders, I ordered a soft drink and my boyfriend ordered a beer.  So she comes back and does get my drink right, but brings him a completely different beer.  I try to flag her down as she leaves without even asking if we were good and tell her she's given us the wrong beer. "Oooops! I'll be back!" No lie- at least 5 mins later she finally shows up with the correct one.  The food arrived and this time there were no hiccups with the wings, so we were just trying to enjoy the meal. So again I had to flag her down for a refill on my beverage and again for the check since we wanted to catch a movie.The check shows up and I always look to make sure things are ok (especially when I can tell the server is a ditz) and sure enough- she charged us for the incorrect beer AND the one he originally ordered and got eventually.  I flag her down again and tell her about it and she apologizes and says she'll fix it.At this point, my boyfriend had given her the card to charge after she had fixed the tab. I warned him against it because the girl was dumb as rocks, but let the inevitable happen.Minutes later she appears and says she's having trouble figuring out how to remove the charge and that she had charged the card before she changed the total. Awesome.So now the manager had to come and fix the whole mess and we were FINALLY on our way.We both decided that we'd never come back to this particular location and try the Gilbert location off Gilbert.
I love this place everyone is so nice and professional. The food is awesome, they have a great vegetarian selection and their drinks are even better.
No lengthy review needed....great service, perfect (and honest) suggestions on the menu, and delicious food. Won't be our last time here.
In order of priority given the time I was there and I was not nearly as hungry as my partner in crime:5 stars - space, layout, bar, wine wall that goes on for miles, and the bathrooms are sweet..yeah, I said that.. 4 stars - the coffee is great, the breakfast burrito, a downright treat4 stars - the bar and glass ware is out of this world...where did you get those coffee cups, I want one...2 stars - the service, we waited and waited and waited a good 30 minutes for a...wait for it...a single breakfast burrito with a few potatoes at 9:30 in the am on a Saturday...the restaurant was empty with the exception of a few patio dwellers and a crazy amount of staff.So, RnR you are really really pretty but I can't bring you home to mom and dad because well, like you are not real stable if you know what I mean, but I will party with you any day!
Super service. The food was excellent, you must try the Swedish meatballs. I really enjoyed Mike and Fletcher, a wealth of knowledge. This is a must stop in Plaza Midwood.
What a disappointment!I was starving when I came here, so I ordered a smoothie plus boba, and a Turkey Club on a croissant with avocado and extra veggies, then tipped the cashier.  I love sandwiches and boba, so I waited with high anticipation for a fresh, delicious sandwich on par with the quality Lee's popularity suggests.  Imagine my dismay when I instead got a stale, old, tough croissant with pre-squished avocado, a minimal amount of meat and veggies, and WAYYYYYY too much mayonnaise!Don't bother with the boba either, it's really hard and not fresh.  The smoothies don't taste like real fresh fruit either, even though they say they are. Funny, I didn't know jackfruit could be shipped to Nevada without being frozen. -_-;;  The smoothie I got didn't even taste like frozen jackfruit... it tasted like a premade flavoring added to a mix.I should also mention that the cashier was fairly rude while I was ordering, like I was an inconvenience to her in showing up and politely expecting her to do her job for a minute and a half. I was so hungry when I came here that I would have accepted even Subway as passible food.  For me to feel this badly about what they offered is a pretty abysmal first experience.  Due to such a stark lack of redeemable qualities I won't be returning... not even at 2 in the morning, not even if every other place is closed... I'd rather go to a fast food joint, eat a Cliff bar, or starve.
I've studied and had my share of great and authentic Japanese ramen--it's as much an art as a science.Not bad. Girls are really nice here--aiming to please.  The space is clean.It was great to see that they have the popular dual broth (tonkotsu-shoyu) that is quite trendy in Japan.  It was excellent. Unfortunately the noodles are not made here--what a disappointment.  The egg was made too far in advance and thus cold and too hard.But I didn't expect that much out here in Vegas, so it was a nice meal despite the noodles.
This place has been on my radar for three months now. I finally made it for lunch a few days ago, and I have to say -it was a disappointing experience.  I chose menu item F-6 (Spicy Thai Holy Basil with chicken) -which was stir fried chicken, onions, chili, and Thai holy basil leaves. The chicken itself was sliced -not ground and was a little tough and dry. The dish appeared to be swimming in grease -instead of a sauce. I didn't know sliced chicken could be greasy... The level 3 spice out of 5 barely registered as spicy, and as a result the food was bland. Why do most Thai places skimp on basil? I thought this was a dish that featured basil?  Instead, I found myself on the hunt looking for basil underneath the rubbery overcooked chicken. The restaurant itself is clean, quaint, and inviting. My order was done in 10 minutes which was nice considering I was on my lunch break. However, I would rather they took their time to make sure the dish actually tasted good. I won't come back as there are just too many good Thai places to choose from in Las Vegas.
I've been to The House at Secret Garden a few times for private events. The area is absolutely gorgeous but their food & service is just mediocre. One event I went to was in the patio & sun room, and the other was in the urban barn. The patio was very nice but the room is a standard plain white room.  The urban barn is cute from the outside but the inside is a little janky. The ceiling and beams are unfinished ugly wood with the manufacturer stamps still visible and spray painting...they could have at least stained them a neutral brown. There are faux wooden beams painting on the wall. Not that impressive, but the area outside (we had cocktails under the carob tree) is beautiful.The food and service is a different story. One of the meals was catered by Santa Barabara catering and it was fantastic. If you're hosting an event here, I recommend going with a buffet from the catering company. The other meal was a sit down, pre-selected 3 course dinner. The kitchen/servers had zero coordination. One person out of the table would get their hot entree a good 10 minutes before anyone else got theirs. It was near impossible to get beers and was impossible to get a refill of water. I thought the food was disappointing. I had:- Goat Cheese & Beet Salad: By far the best thing I had. Great dressing, yummy goat cheese, fresh greens. - Vegetarian Trio: So small and just okay. The grilled eggplant was very soggy and the tomato jam it was topped with was far too sweet for an entree. The arancini ball was delicious but I only got one...for my entree. If there had been 3 then it would have been a meal.- Chocolate Cake with Fudge, Fleur De Sel Caramel, & Buttercream Frosting: Amazing sounding description but one of the worst desserts I've ever had. The cake was so dry and barely had a chocolate flavor. There was about a tablespoon's worth of frosting and not even a teaspoon of caramel. So so dry and lacking the richness or flavor of a chocolate dessert.- Bread Pudding: Much better than the chocolate cake but still average.If you're planning on hosting an event at The House at Secret Garden, I recommend trying to make it as outdoors as possible (prettiest) and not using their in house catering.
We walked in to Le Comptoir without a reservation, and we got a great seat at the counter, where we could watch all of the hipster-esque chefs cook beautiful dishes all night long. We watched them send out dish after dish, and everything looked -- and, more importantly, tasted -- delicious. We did not order the charcuterie, which was probably a mistake, but we did have the beet salad, braised beef loin, porchetta, and the shrimp ceviche. The shrimp ceviche was probably our least favorite, but we still enjoyed everything. They also had a great wine list with lots of approachable wines by the glass, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. A great dining experience all around.
For my fiancee's first time in Vegas she insisted on doing a buffet. Since I was going to be forced into going to one I decided to pick one of the decent ones and Wicked Spoon was my first choice. Really it wasn't bad (for buffet food), but it wasn't great either.I sampled the paella and it was actually ok (for buffet food), and the mac and cheese bar was an interesting addition and not bad (for buffet food), and some of the pastas were enjoyable (for buffet food), and the overall quality of everything was pretty good (for buffet food).Really though, a lot of food didn't work in the buffet format. Pastas in small dishes didn't really seem to sit well, rice and curries also seemed to suffer. Actually everything unique about this buffet seemed to suffer sitting in the buffet format, and the small dishes for everything and your small plates seemed to want to force you into multiple trips back to the buffet until you just can't be bothered anymore and leave. The good things here are the things that you see in other (cheaper) buffets. A pile of crab legs on your plate, a gigantic heap of mashed potatoes, just about anything served from a big communal trough worked (for buffet food). Drink service was uneven and the pricing left a bad taste in my mouth. A greyhound is like $8 (since I guess it fits their spirit+mixer format), but a salty dog which is a greyhound with a salt rim is somehow 2 or 4 dollars more? that's some expensive salt.So really what it comes down to is if the food that is good is the stuff that you can get in a traditional buffet format works, and the special stuff here is all kind of mediocre and suffers for sitting in the heatlamps, what's the point of coming here? I can't really find one. That being said, if you have someone who really wants to go to a buffet and you don't want the usual buffet food, then this one is ok (for buffet food).Edit: My fiancée just informed me the salty dog was 14 dollars(!). I'm never one to complain about price but there can't be any rationale behind that other than "You're in Vegas, fuck you."
I took the whole family there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and there was about a 20 minute wait to sit down.  Figured it was a good thing that we were not the only ones there.  The chips and salsa were good and the waitress was super busy but still took good care of us.  We all ordered some form of chimichanga and they were all good.  They messed up my order and brought me beef instead of chicken which was ok because the beef had a little kick to it.  The kids had minichimis beef and chicken and they had no complaints.  We will definateley be going back.  Maybe next time we will take advantage of happy hour.
The coffee and food here is great.I love that they are serving Just Coffee, a locally roasted fair trade, organic coffee that is delivered by bicycle.  They use organic and locally sourced products for their other menu items as well.Nice atmosphere, with an open air patio on the east side in the warm months.The line for service can be long, but they move quickly and the wait is never very long.The prices seem reasonable for the quality of food - the old "you get what you pay for" matra!
Love this place.  The food is amazing, ambience is really nice, and the manager (Luke) is fantastic.  My friends and I come here often and we love it.
Yummy bruschetta, great entertainment, welcoming staff and good service
Periodically I go in search of a good local diner for just a good meal. This place is the perfect small town cafe. It's not fancy, the chairs don't match it's just a simple cafe and I love it! The food is great, service is quick and friendly and the price is good! I will be bringing my friends and family here from out of town after a night of too much fun.
We just came back from this place tonight. We really enjoyed our dinner at this tiny Ethiopian restaurant. The food was full of flavour. They offered extra Injera for no extra charge. We had the veggie combo and a lamb dish which turned out to be a little too much food for us- we are stuffed right now! And the cost, $31 including tax! It was really reasonable for the huge portion we got. The 2 staff were so nice. Food came out fast and we were impressed with the quality of it. We will be back!Disclaimers and other notes: Decor is basic, but it seems like they have outdoor seating. We would have taken it, but it's too cold tonight. They did not really have dessert options and there is no alcohol, so you may want to opt to plan drinks/sweets into your evening outside the main meal. This is not food that poeple eat with utensils- A lady near our table suggested many times to the owner that they MUST get forks. And when he tried to explain his cultural tradition. She was all: Ya, but you really need FORKS. It was kind of hilarious. Enjoy!
This brewery is pretty dope. I like the IPA's but I'd stay away from those potato nachos. Good service, looks more like a restaurant. Overall a good place to chill and drink beer.
The best Soul food hands down! I got the fried chicken wi th rice n gravy cabbage and mac n cheese..... that kill bill
Best Rueben in town! I take my ruebens seriously, i judge a place on it. If you mess up a rueben you're dead to me. The staff was great and I liked the overall feel of the establishment.
Wow! We had the Hell's Kitchen Burger & Sweet Potato Fries, American Burger & Truffle Fries.  If you eat nothing else for the rest of your life make it the Sweet Potato Fries.
Had high expectations from all the great reviews from Yelp. I know Ramen places tend to be salty (though I've eaten at a few places that weren't), and this was no exception.  If the ramen and the meat was flavorful, I couldn't really tell because the salt content drowned out all the flavor. I had the pork and chicken soup base and my gf had the chicken soup base. Both were equally salty. I even added a bowl of hot water to my soup and it was still salty.. Ugggh!  And the two slices of pork I got in my soup was literally more fat than meat.  And now I'm feeling so thirsty..  Definitely not one of the better places for ramen.   I will not be returning.
The best restaurant for breakfast in Phoenix!!!
Customer service, food and drinks are always excellent. Every time we visit Las Vegas we make it a point to have dinner here. We recommend it to everyone that visits Las Vegas. My husband is very picky when it comes to everything and he always walks out raving about this place so I know they are doing things right here. This place is so good he signed up for a Yelp account so he personally can give it 5 stars (very unlike him).
I was really looking forward to eating at this food truck, but after eating their stir fry, I would have to agree with the other reviewers -its not that great.  Portion was a good size but it was pretty bland and needed more sauce.  Unfortunately, won't be visiting this food truck again.
Went back today with the whole family....I have to suggest the al pastor vampiro!  It's like a tostada, but so much better!  The corn tortilla isn't fried, but it is crisp, light and not greasy.  A great option for those who like crunch.  My dad had the carne asada torta and was really happy.  He's not a big fan of tortillas, so the sandwich was the perfect choice for him.  He thought this was a great place because there are so many different options.  Definitely go for the carne asada or al pastor on anything!
It was alright. Nothing special. Pretty average. Food arrived lukewarm, had to heat it up for a bit. Way too much onion for the teriyaki entree. The chicken was very good quality though.
It had probably been twenty years since I had tried any hotdogs on a stick and now I remember why.  We ordered three hotdogs on a bun, one on a stick, chicken tenders and two lemonades and that came to OVER $30.  Okay.Let me start by saying I've never felt more ripped off in my life.  Tiny shriveled hotdogs and third-rate chicken.  I mean seriously, if the hotdogs were $0.99 instead of $3.85 I might not be writing this...but they weren't.  Likewise, the chicken was thickly breaded and looked like it had been deep fried some weeks ago and merely heated up...in fact, I'm nearly sure that is how it was.  The actual "hotdog on a stick" we got, according to my wife, was fine.I will give them high marks on their fine lemonades.  They were tasty and great.In short, I would have to be starving and this be literally the last restaurant on earth before I'd go back.  It was that bad...and a horrific value proposition, especially when you consider the excellent Costco hotdogs just a few miles away.I predict this location will close down within less than a year - it is a weird location with a weird drive-thru and inadequate signage.
A great addition to this area. The dining and patio areas were nice and well kept. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I love that I can order my burger protein, or green style as they called it. Their chocolate custard was heavenly! We will go back.I wish they had sweet potato fries!
Best gyros in the world customer service is great I would really recommend ALS Chicago Finest Gyros!!!!! Good food service and yummy
Food was mediocre at best, and overpriced. Rotating beer on cask is a great idea, but half a pint for the pint price just seems wrong. Server was nice, there were only for other tables while we were there. Can't see making a return visit.
Pulling up to this place the 1st good indicator, lotsa Indians outside with obvious full & happy bellies. The atmosphere could've been any restaurant. Nothing Indian abou it, but that's fine. It was clean & didn't smell like sweaty feet.The buffet is just a few tems & I tasted them all. Very good! The nan was great & plentiful & the service efficient.  BUT the draw if this place is that it's really inexpensive...$7. I'll keep this place in mind at the end of the month & needing to rob the coin jar.
Love this place. It is tucked in a small plaza off the strip in Chinatown. The service was great and the lady who took our order was incredibly friendly. It is interesting to see the 3 different soup base ramens that they offered. This was how each flavor was described to us by the waitressKome Miso (Hokkaido style) - their best selling flavorShiro Miso (Kyoto Style) - very similar to your regular miso soupRight side is Mame Miso (Nagoya Style) - "bold" flavorSoup was flavorful and filling. They have a monthly special and this month's was free corn add-on. The other add-ons were additional charge (like egg), but it's not a big deal for me.At the end of our meal, we were offered free lychee ice cream and stamp cards. If i lived closer to Vegas, I would definitely come here again.
This place rocks!  Found this place on Yelp coz I was craving for Asian food and my white business partner was craving for hard alcohol.  Great happy hour specials, food is great and the drinks are legit.  Atmosphere is the bomb and the music really is upbeat.  Staff is really friendly.  This is a new go-to place for me.
Last time I went, we were given poor banchan while the two tables next to us received much higher quality banchan (?) We got beans, potato and some cabbage, while they had kimchi, kimch radish, spinach, bean sprouts, etc. Why???? Also kept hearing the lady in the kitchen that she "found the meat" after overhearing the waiter tell the table next to us that they were out of spicy pork. How do you lose the food in your kitchen?! I had apparently ordered the last order for spicy pork, but I was extremely dry and overcooked.The prices are also a bit unreasonable. The nengmyn-kalbi combo comes with a good portion of noodles but literally 4 pieces of meat. Probably won't be returning here for a while.
I love Salad and Go. The delicious salads and nice employees make my day.  Eating here is making me more healthy.   It's a very convenient drive through with outdoor seating.  It's clean and the owners care about us.  The manager was patient with me when I asked about organics. They serve large filling salads for an inexpensive price.As a single person who has fresh food spoil in the refrigerator, I would like to divert my whole grocery budget to them.
Mean sandwich, as usual. Located in the new Forum Food Court at Caesars Palace. I grab Earl of Sandwich every time I go to Vegas so I was excited to see another one open. My family was shopping at the Forum Shops and needed a quick bite. We decided to eat at the food court we passed by on our way to the shops. Little did I know that the Forum Food Court opened that very day.I ordered an Avocado BLT on wheat. Loved how they used crumbled bacon instead of bacon strips. Every bite had the right amount of bacon, lettuce, and tomato. Avocado can make just about any sandwich better. The balance between the avocado and mayonnaise was just right which really put this sandwich over the top for me.Service with a smile and no lines during this visit. Hope it stays that way. Earl of Sandwich, conquering Caesars Palace.
