Visited this Sonic fast food estsblishment last night as the little one wanted a corn dog. Drove through and ordered some selections to take home. Little one took the corn dog out and exclaimed how small it was. In fact he said I hope there is two!  (They were half the size of any corn dog we ever saw!) Little one then started pealing the breading off the corn dog (which he likes to eat last) revealing a very blackened skinney little Weiner about the size of my pointing finger. Cant believe they would serve this burnt shriveled half sized  wenie to anyone. Sonic should be deeply ashamed. I also had some popcorn chicken that was overbreaded and tasteless. Ugh.! If for some reason you like sonic, it must not be for anything we  ordered. My first and last visit for sure.
RA is ok.... I like to go to HH but if u don't get there early, it starts to get real loud. The food is usually great, the crunchy calamari roll is my favorite. I also usually get the Gyoza, Tootsy Maki, & Scallop Dynamite roll.  Prices are decent during HH... Last time I went the booth smelled weird :(
Fellow hikers and I stopped at Elvira's Mexican Food on a recent Saturday after a hike up Gold Canyon to see the petroglyphs. Mexican is one of my favorite food groups, so I won't say "no" to trying a new place! (And certainly not after just having torched 1,019 calories hiking before lunch...)We arrived right around lunch time and were quickly accommodated with tables and chairs pulled together for our group. The interior decor is very bright and colorful; we found ourselves looking around at all the different art. I ordered the green chile beef chimichanga with double rice (no beans). The green chile gave it a different taste than I'm used to, but it was really good. The added guacamole and sour cream made for a perfect combination. The chips and salsa were excellent too. The restrooms are one-holers, so if you have a group who, say, just came from hiking Gold Canyon and say, all have to go the bathroom, well...make sure you get in the door first. We had great service, and it wasn't too crowded on a Saturday for lunch. I recommend this place!
We affectionately refer to Taco Bell as Taco Hell. Sometimes they get your order right and sometimes they don't. Just make sure you check it before you leave. This one has an outdoor patio which is nice when it is cool here in Arizona.
Only popped in for a few beers on a Sunday afternoon. Caught in-between the two Happy Hours, ended up with two $4.50 Blue Moons. Bartender was Leslie and she was very nice and upon wandering around the place was pretty impressed with the size and other nooks and crannies like the small upstairs patio and sneaky small first floor patio. Upstairs also had pool and lots of seating and no kiddies allowed up there. Had a bar seat and was watching some of the action in the kitchen during my hour visit. Food and menu appears similiar to another bar, so this must be part  of a chain. I remember the "Foccaccia" here is really a wrap made with pizza dough and has nothing to do with the real bread. French fries are said to be fresh cut, but there were fryers full of fries ready to dipped upon ordering - so not sure about that claim. Very big bar and a great place to watch sports as well.
I saw a someone praise this place on Facebook and I started chuckling. My wife asked me to go with her to the melting pot a couple years ago. She was very excited until the food actually came. That's when she said, this isn't what we ordered. I said yeah there is less then 4 oz of meat to share between 2 people. She said, no I meant these are the wrong sauces. I said hang on. We are paying 120 dollars for 2 cups of raw vegetables, 4 oz of meat, and beef stock? She said well your paying for the ambiance. Plus desert is to die for. Desert came, she said Isn't this great and I said we are dipping less then a cup of fruit in chocolate. At the end she said you hated it, didn't you. I said baby I loved being there with you, but I have never paid so much money in all my life to eat every day food and stay hungry. For the same money we could have gone to any number of nice restaurants and actually had a full meal.  My wife laughed and then said yeah your right. It's a great little niche restaurant idea, but once you get past all the hoopla this is place is a huge rip off.  On the plus side, It's a nice romantic place with super dark tables. Cooking your own food gives you plenty of time to sit and talk with that special someone.
Ordered chicken chow fun for lunch today. Flavor was good but a little lacking as well as a bit on the greasy side. Came out to about $8 and the serving size could probably feed two.
I always have a good meal here and it's very well priced with an interesting menu. My only thing is that it's tough with all the different items on the wall. It would be easier if all the dishes on the walls were on a menu. Seafood is always fresh and they have Japanese comfort fare too like udon.
Not the experience I was expecting.  Food was average service was good but overpriced.  The ribs taste boiled the one good thing the fries were fab.  Won't be returning to this establishment.
Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
We stopped here for dinner and the weather had the patio closed which was a bummer.  The bar is great and the food was good. Everyone enjoyed their meal and had a great time.  I would recommend this place after checking out the view stations.
A small English pub tucked away in  an alley behind harris teeter.  They have a huge outdoor eating area.  The inside has a large community table in the back for when the restaurant gets crowded.  They have an extensive beer selection.  As far as the food goes you have to be very careful.  I have tried many things on the menu and I have only been impressed by the bacon cheeseburger and the fish and chips.  But, the bacon cheeseburger is the best you'll get anywhere.  The food is also very affordable.
I am not a vegetarian but I am a big fan! Not your typical Indian restaurant with its Chicken curry dishes and so on. A lot more interesting South India cuisine. The place is not fancy but the owner is really nice and the food really interesting! Went there 4 times in the last 2 months and the experience is consistent.
This little mexican joint has to have the best, mouth watering, orgasmic beef tongue tacos on the face of this planet.  My pastor introduced me to this place while my friend and I were starving in our little office ready to devour every thing we laid eyes on.I ordered 6 beef tongue tacos and I tell you IT'S AMAZING!!  The tortillas are made fresh in front of your eyes and the tongue must of been braised for hours upon hours.  Because the meat just melts in your mouth.  Matter a fact get the burrito.  You'll get more meat and is cheaper.With your burrito and tacos that you purchase you also receive a roasted onion and jalapeno.  On the side if you want more pickled jalapenos or carrots, radishes, amazing salsas, they're available.If you truly want a delicious burrito drop by any, I think there are 8 locations in Phoenix?  Don't eat the Americanized chipotle junk.  This place blows chipotle out of the water.
I have no idea how they ever received a 4 star rating. This place was below mediocre first of all it had a very distinct smell in the whole restaurant and it was not a very appetizing one that's for sure. Secondly the server only came by twice once to get our order and the second time to bring out the food, she never bothered checking up on us or anything we actually had to flag someone else down just to get a refill. The food was ok I ordered two blueberry pancakes with an egg and bacon as well as a half order of the biscuits and gravy. The pancakes tasted as if they used a Bisquick mix and tossed in some unripe blueberries which was very disappointing because I usually LOVE pancakes out. The biscuits and gravy on the other hand were much better but still not good enough to bring me back . John had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs. He said the country fried steak itself wasn't bad but not his favorite, the hashbrowns despite having them topped with cheese, onions, peppers and jalapenos were very bland and needed a good dash of salt. Overall you would be much more satisfied going to your neighborhood Denny's than Hoosier Cafe in my opinion.
I stopped by quickly the other day before my dinner at The Herb Box for a quick drink and enjoyed a delicious cherry cocktail that the waitress promised wouldn't taste like a cherry popsicle and she was right. The last time I had been here was for dinner but that was probably seven years ago. A repeat visit is definitely in order. Their cocktails are delicious and ambiance is lively.
I've been coming here for years - dating back to when it was in an old coffee shop on Scottsdale Road before they moved into the current Bat Cave - and the food never disappoints. The stacked enchiladas are my favorite, complete with the fried egg on top to make everything better. The carne avobada is always tender, and all of the dishes pack plenty of heat. Service is friendly. You can't come to Scottsdale and not eat here at least once.
Everything LOOKED fun..Its all broken. Anything worth a damn is out of order. Waste of time.
why go any where else? Food is the best on the strip, best executed,wine list rocks with interesting choices, and the view is well, the best in Vegas
One of the few places I have stored in my phone. This particular location is open 24/7. If you already know what you want, I'd recommend calling it in, as they can get busy. As a vegetarian, I'd say their sandwiches are amazing. Veggie cheese steak is my favorite (take it to go and add Famous Dave's Devil Spit bbq sauce to it, trust me). The veggie cole turkey is awesome too, just tell them to go easy on the mayo, they drown it. The veggie burger sandwich is a garden burger patty, good if you like garden burgers. You can also order the bobbie with veggie turkey. It's worth the $2 more than the subway across the street, that's for sure. They also sell really good chips, I'd recommend the Walker's Honey BBQ. Writing this review makes me want to order a sandwich right now!!
Super yummy burgers, fries, onion rings.  Good beer selection too which seems to be a rarity in Vegas.  We had to wait about 20 minutes at lunch on a Monday, so I would be prepared for a line.Sadly, our waitress was not the sharpest knife in the drawer thus taking away a 5 star rating.  Best burger I've had in a long time though!Oh, and there was someone famous at the bar when we were there.  But we were too lame or hungover to know who she was.  Still, it must be a good place to scope out celebs...if you can figure out who they are.
Being the only location in Arizona the Rainforest Cafe at the Arizona Mills Mall automatically earns itself a positive reputation. However, the restaurant's success and appeal are also a result of the restaurant's fun-oriented atmosphere as well as its individuality.As mentioned earlier, Rainforest Cafe is located at the Arizona Mills Mall in Tempe, a large mall different from other malls in Arizona. There are plenty of things to do here because the mall is home to a Harkins IMAX movie theater and a Gameworks in addition to all of the stores. The assortment of available activities makes the mall a good place to plan an entire day of events. This is exactly what my girlfriend and I did for our one-year anniversary; we started off the day with a meal at the Rainforest Café, strolled around the mall for a while, and then saw a movie at the Harkins. All in all, it proved to be an entertaining day, and the highlight of it was our fun-filled visit to the Rainforest Cafe.The setting of the Rainforest Cafe is similar to that of an amusement park rather than a regular restaurant, and is the main reason that people choose to visit here. The restaurant was designed to look like a tropical rainforest, and is filled with artificial trees, animatronic animals, and large aquariums filled with live fish. Fake fog and thunderstorms add to the wild vibe, and provide an entertaining environment different from other locales. Because of its similarity to amusement parks such as Disneyland, the Rainforest Cafe is popular among families and teenagers looking to have a good time. As a result, the restaurant is often filled with loud, energetic children, which can be annoying but also adds to the overall mood because their antics are similar to those of the electronic gorillas that periodically cause an uproar in their of the restaurant. Besides, since most of the people dining at the restaurant are there to have a good time, it does little to disturb their visit.In terms of service, Rainforest Cafe is just average; they often appear rushed and a little confused, which is understandable because the restaurant is always so busy. However, they are always friendly and willing to help, making up for their overwhelmed service.The only fault of the Rainforest Cafe is the pricing, which is a little excessive considering that the majority of the items are of common quality. But the prices are not so extreme that they take away from the restaurant's appeal because the unique experience offered by this location is worth paying a little extra.
4 stars for the Spice Market Buffet.   I'm being slightly generous but these 4 stars make sense in context of the fact that we're talking about a Las Vegas Buffet.   I'm not even comparing this place with Picasso across the street or any "honest" restaurant, for that matter.   When one accounts for the fact, though, that this is an all-you-can-eat buffet, Spice Market Buffet should evidently get 4 stars.Other reviewers have already mentioned this:  They have a wide variety of different cuisines:  Seafood, Salads, Italian, American, Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, and Desserts.   This means you can get sushi to start with, then load up egg benedicts, then switch over and get a bagel with lox and cream cheese, then get a quesadilla or some pasta, and finish it up with a couple of desserts.   We didn't get an opportunity to try nearly that many foods here, but this is just to illustrate the variety of foods that they serve.I started with their lox and cream cheese, incidentally.  The salmon was really extremely good.   I also tasted their egg benedict and their crab benedict, and I gotta say the egg benedict was quite good.   The crab one... only so so.  Their lobster pasta was *SERIOUS* disappointment, as was their sushi.  Let's just say that I didn't even touch the sushi:  my wife got it for me as she knows I love it, but just eyeing the fish, I knew it was probably not even close to fresh and didn't really feel like spending my Vegas weekend puking, so I left it.  The sausage pizza was cooked with a wine-based sauce and was way tastey!   Finally, their dessert selection was astounding.   I had the tiramisu and it really was quite a treat!$20 a head for sunday brunch... It's pricey, but then again you're gonna eat a lot of different foods and lots of it, so that'll basically be your one meal for the day.   Price-wise, I guess it's worth it.As far as decor is concerned, it's quite tragic.   I think I've felt more warmth kickin' it at the Ritz Carlton men's restrooms than I did in this place.   It's open seats, very ugly booths... just tragic decoration.Also, watch out for serious white trash contingency here.   This couple took our table and switched receipts because they apparently weren't pleased with where they'd been placed by the hostess.  Puzzled, I asked the guy who looked worse than a bulldog if he might have mistakenly sat at the wrong table.   He sorta grunted and went back to sucking his food out of his plate.   The guy looked so grungy and smelly I frankly wasn't gonna argue.  Probably sitting back in that chair I'd have caught some nasty disease.    Anyway, that was a bit of a downer on our brunch since both my wife and I felt slightly freaked out at this episode.  We tried to sit as far away from them as we could but, sadly, it wasn't far enough.   So yeah, watch out for the white trash that seems to hang out here.   Then again, most of the other patrons looked normal enough.  Still, looks can be deceiving.
I do adore the weekend champagne brunch, but not for the food - for the champagne, of course!  The food...well, the food is "eh" at best, and inedible at worst.  The buffet is extensive and covers nearly any palette, but because it's done in such a mass quantity and left to sit out, is not particularly fresh or hot.  The desserts mostly had a rubbery consistency, save for the tasty peach cobbler and pecan rolls.  The ice cream bar is also a very safe bet.Steer clear of the shrimp...they were room-temperature and slimy on the skin, so we had to pass after a bite, for fear we'd get sick.  Most everything was heat-lamped too long and was too dry to enjoy, but if my tip would be to sit at a table with view of the buffet chef - you can watch them put out new dishes and run over to get them fresh.  They won't taste delicious, but at least they'll be consumed straight-from-the-oven.I have heard that the dinner buffet is better, but for the price of champagne brunch, I expected that the food quality would suffer, so I wasn't disappointed when this came to fruition.However, for the $30 or whatever it was, the ability to sit in a garden-of-eden-meets-Mad-Hatter-tea-party room with the sun streaming in, nibbling some food and drinking champagne was well worth the price tag.  It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning at the Wynn.So grab a glass, settle in, and, if you really want good food, stick to the fresh-made stations like the omelets, or just go somewhere else.
WOW!  I mean WOW!  Entered the line at the end of the brunch/lunch menu so when we got to our seconds they were placing out dinner!  FOR THE LUNCH PRICE!!!! Excellent savings.Service is as amazing as everything else in the Wynn/Encore.  Beautiful floral and fauna everywhere inside.The food was amazing!  So many choices.My favorites were: King Crab legs with clarified butter, Prime Rib, Fried Chicken, Freshly tossed Caesar Salad....who am I kidding, everything was so frickin delicious!We sat right by the dessert windows.  I tore that up!!  Gelato - coffee & mango =wow yummy!  Candied apples - never been a fan, but these are really good.  Cheesecake was so creamy.  Creme brulee with the hard shell was amazing!   Can't wait to go back.  So worth it!
Anyone from the east coast that does not visit an In and Out Burger when visiting the west coast is a fool.  Fries and burgers... that's it and they do them fresh and they do them right.  I rent a car just to insure I get to visit one.
Better than L&L, nowhere near as good as Dakine's or Keilani's.
I used to LOVE Dave's (see previous 4 star reviews from earlier this year) but something changed. The last few times I've gone there the food is not as good as it used to be and the service is slipping as well. Turnover in help? Change in management? Just another got-too-big-for-our-britches story? Your guess is as good as mine..First it was the meat, instead of being hot and fresh, tender and juicy, it was warm and dried out, as if it had been left under a heat lamp or reheated in a microwave. The baby back ribs used to be fat and meaty, lately they are lean and fatty/tough. Then the service started to be less than friendly and careless, twice I received the wrong order and had to return to get it fixed.The last time I went there, figuring I'd give it another try as everyone has "off" days, was the final straw. The meat was dried out and stringy, the Wilbur's beans were soured (gone bad, gone over, whatever)..as if they had been not refrigerated and stored properly and reheated many times over. I was sick from eating just two bites. The coleslaw was full of tough inedible cabbage stalk pieces (either someone just doesn't care or they are really cutting costs) and an overabundance of jalapeno peppers which overwhelmed the usually sweet/hot balance of the slaw.Having a bad day is one thing, bad food that makes people sick is entirely a different animal and is indicative of a more serious issue going on at the restaurant. There is absolutely NO excuse for food improperly stored or cooked that is full of bacteria.Famous Dave...PLEASE WAKE UP AND FIX YOUR PROCESS before it's too late!!!
This used to be my favorite place for burritos for YEARS. I'm talking 5 stars as far as taco joints go. Then last week, I saw the cook use the spatula to finish up my carnitas, right after he had just used the same spatula to put raw meat on the griddle!!! I have friends who are chefs and they would be FIRED for doing exactly that in most restaurants. Cross contamination isn't taken lightly by me and I will NEVER give Roberto's food to my kids.** I've contacted Roberto's and they wrote back saying they'll take care of it. Whatever that means.As for the food, they give you a lot of bang for the buck. Machaca burrito or torta has shredded beef with two fried eggs in it. It's loaded with guacamole and it's only $3.50. Their condiment bar is loaded with pickled jalapeños & carrots, lime, green onions, radishes, cucumbers, salsa verde & roja. It's kept clean and fresh.One of Roberto's sons once told me that this Roberto's is their busiest, hence it's open 24 hrs and is very clean. That's why I was shocked to see what I saw in the kitchen.
Their AYCE is pretty good here. Service is sometimes slow, but I keep coming here so it's not that bad! They're a bit pricey, but they offer some pretty good options. I've liked most things that I've had here with the exception of calamari (which was an error in my part for ordering it from a sushi restaurant!!). I love their chicken udon, I get it everytime!!
I'm not really a fan of Toby Keith but I can't help liking a place that plays nonstop country music (that said, I can totally understand why someone who doesn't LOVE country music would go a bit nuts here). I also like deep fried things. I came here with a bunch of girls from work who share the same love of all things country music (I grew up line dancing to Brooks and Dunn if that explains ANYTHING... and yes, I know I'm Asian and it's weird). We were here for hours and hours. The music was good, they played all the current country songs and some older stuff too. There was definitely a variety of people here and it is great people watching. My deep fried twinkies were delicious. I think if it were at a bigger casino that I like to frequent more, I would come back more often.
I've been here a few times and enjoy the food, usually a packed place during lunch.
I went in there last night and got a quarter pounder with cheese, fries and a diet coke.  First of all, this place is F___g filthy, I mean the worst I've ever seen at a McDonald's.   I'm not a clean freak by any means, and there's no way I'd let my kid play in that playground.  It looked filthy, can you imagine how much shit there is that you can't see?  And I mean that literally too.  Garbage cans overflowing, drink station with trash all over the place, dirty tables, etc.  And to top it off, I could tell that my sandwich had been sitting around for hours because it was almost like eating sandpaper.  I ended up throwing it away, and throwing food away is not something I do very often, that's for sure.  French fries were good and fresh though, at least there's that.
I love this place it's the best! Great food and experince for friends and family. If your hungry for some ny style pizza come here.
Love the food and staff, only thing is the food can be a bit pricey at times for a pub.
I'm a regular here. I usually eat in here with my family and the customer service is great. The sitting area is awesome. The seats and booths are very comfortable. Their thai iced tea is amazing, just wish they didn't put so much ice in it. Don't order to spict because medium is already really really hot for me I couldn't eat it, unless you're obsessed with spicy food go for it! The tom kha soup is so good. I usually order their tom kha coconut milk soup with chicken fried rice and two orders of pad thai. I do take out here a lot and every time I get there within the 20 minutes they said it would be ready I never had to wait for my food for a long time! They understand and speak English very well. The staff look very neat and cleanly. The restaurant itself is very clean with an A rating. It's at a great location, on Russel and Rainbow. It is located in the plaza where the Starbucks is, and next to a Flower shop.
Went here for a late night sushi craving and ordered tuna,yellowtail and salmon sashimi,  red dragon, WTH, cherry blossom and the rattle snake rolls.  The sashimi was good,  our yellowtail slices where small and thin compared the big thick cuts of salmon and tuna.  All the rolls were very good,  slices could have been sliced a tad bit thinner,   all the cuts were about an inch thick.  Definitely not bit size pieces but it sure didn't fall apart. The food overall I would have to give it a 4 star.  The reason it got demoted to 3 stars is due to the fact that the bill came out with gratuity of $17 on a bill of $95 before tax.  I understand the need for yours automatic gratuity charge and it is usually used for parties of 6 or more...But it was only a party of 2!!!!
Very unsatisfied with the FOOD. Service was great, but our steak and double cheeseburger were burnt - not to mention the fries were just dabbed with seasoning in the middle and not spread out, COLD TOO. I used to enjoy coming to their café for their graveyard specials, but now it seems the cook is different. I don't really recommend coming for a quick bite to eat there.
We aren't huge fans of chain restaurants, but this is one of the couple chains we do frequent.   It was the beer that brought us in and probably what keeps us coming back.    Happy Hour is a good time to come and it goes until 6:30 where a lot of places stop at 6!  get the garlic fries if you are a lover of garlic.   Other good choices are the pulled pork sandwich or the crab cake sandwich!   mmmService is hit or miss at this location, but never so bad that we haven't wanted to return.
This place is awesome! The prices are reasonable (not dirt cheap but certainly fair) and the service is quick. I often go to a cheesesteak place by my work which--despite being less busy--always take too long to get my food! They don't offer too much other than fries and cheesesteaks  so don't go there if you want something else. Most importantly the food tasted amazing! The fries were the best in my opinion so I highly recommend trying them!
We used to go here every other weekend, then about 3 weeks ago something changed. What happened to security? it's way too rowdy of a place for 4 security guards, especially on the weekend! The last 2 weekends have been SCARY! Fights inside and outside of the bar, someone's going to get hurt! It's no fun watching your back the whole time you're supposed to be drinking...we won't be back unless they return to the RESPONSIBLE management!
The food was good, but WAY overpriced.  I really like the concept of no menu with a buffet for sides and waiters that come around offering you meat.  I felt bad for the guy who had chicken since I imagine many people decline chicken in favor of the lamb and various steak options.  However, it was $37/ person which is definitely overpriced for the quality of the food considering you can get a much higher quality entree for a similar price at L'Etoile or Harvest.  I would only recommend going here if you are extremely hungry and you really want to be able to eat right away without having to wait to place an order.  I don't plan on returning despite the beautiful atmosphere and friendly wait staff.
Every once in a while Pete's can kind of hit the spot... but I'm not quite as crazy about it as some locals seems to be. The fish and chips are good and cheap; and their special sauce is pretty damn tasty... but I usually leave feeling a little fishy and greased out. The fish is perfectly square, and I can't help but wonder why they do it that way... because it really gives off a 'store bought' vibe. Compare this to somewhere like Fulton Fish Fry in Vegas which has fresh pieces of fish that each kind of form their own twisted and unique shape... it just feels more authentic that way. This just feel like a fish patty that could have been taken out of a McDonalds Filet-O-Fish and thrown in the greaser.So what I gotta say about Pete's is this: only go if you're craving some no-frills fish and chips; and if you have such a craving you'll probably leave happy... if however you are looking for something to make your taste buds shiver with excitement, then look elsewhere. Oh yeah... one last thing... their whole sense of entitlement really gets on my nerves sometimes. Having kooky rules at a restaurant is fun, but it only works if that restaurant is serving up magnificent food. Here you are getting average food and they try to make you feel like they are the Gods of Fish and you must bow down and obey their every command if you want to get served (like their whole "no ketchup-don't even ask" thing). You better be careful Pete's or you may find people are gonna find somewhere else with better food, that doesn't hassle you if you ask for ketchup. Meh.
Absolutely terrible. I would give this place 0 stars if I could. I was with a group of 6 other people and none of us enjoyed our meal. The chips and salsa (a staple at any Mexican food restaurant) was a far cry from pretty much any other restaurant in the valley (Mexican and otherwise). As for the cost, I would put these entrees (and lunch specials, even) on the "expensive" side of the scale. The service was acceptable, although I can only suspect the wait staff expects large tips from their hugely inflated bills. Sadly, they may not get any return customers with the quality of their food the way it is.
Well, folks, based on the review by Teri C, we thought we would go over and try it.Alas, they are closed for good.  We are not locals but were just passing through so i don't know if this was a victim of the recession or what.  But, I do know it is closed and abandoned,What a shame, it is a beautiful building.Jim
I'm visiting Madison and went here for breakfast- it was terrific! I got the pumpkin and apple crepe (it's October, after all) and it was sooo tasty! Not too sweet, perfectly filling, and reasonably priced. The staff was friendly and the space was really cute. I'd make this a regular morning stop if I lived here!
I have been wanting to go to their Silverado Ranch location, but because Katrina M. has a groupon for this location we stopped by for brunch before she had to work.When we entered, the restaurant was steady but not busy. We sat down at the booth the waitress just cleaned off and were greeted with menus. Wanting to avoid any hassles we showed the coupon and got that out of the way. From that point on, it did not feel like we were top priority, but we were not ignored completely either. Katrina M. was in the mood for waffles and turned it into a combo with eggs and sausage for a dollar more. The waffle was ok, a little soft for my taste. I have been craving a patty melt with grilled mushrooms, so I jumped on that. I also chose a bowl of chicken tortilla soup for my side. The soup was light. The patty melt was cooked to a perfect medium rare and juicy. Maybe it was a little too juicy because my rye bread was soggy. I love that they do not fry the sandwich in a ton of oil to make it crispy, but the second half of my sandwich had sopped up all the meat juices before I could get to it. The experience was not bad, just not something I would drive across town for.
Is it better than your average fast food place? Yes. Is it the best BBQ ever? No way! But Dickeys food is decent. Food is cheap Ribs and pulled pork are good, rolls and okra- darn good. Went in the other day because I didn't want to cook, and after watching "Super Size Me'" about a month ago, I stay away from the obvious "fast food" restaurants completely. So, craving some red meat I went to Dickeys for take out because it was close and I figured their food wouldn't be as processed as McD's- seriously that movie gave me nightmares. The staff was super friendly, the football game was on TV., the food was done quickly- giving me enough time to make myself a root beer float and watch AZ lose in OT- :( For 3 of us I ordered the ribs, the turkey, coleslaw, mac and cheese, fried okra, potato casserole, and 2 rolls. When I got home I was disappointed to see that the turkey looked like processed poo on a plate. Really guys- picture slimy poo on a plate-it was that gross! I refused to taste it, and everyone else was brave enough to at least try it, only to decide they couldn't eat more than 1 bite- but the dog thought it was delicious. Never tried the potato casserole because Dickeys forgot to pack it. The mac and cheese was gross! I'm not a salt person, but it definitely needed salt and pepper to give it flavor and the macaroni was over cooked to that gross slimy noodle consistency. So, the 3 of us shared 4 ribs, okra, and an individual size coleslaw with 2 rolls- one person was hungry enough to go ahead and eat the mac and cheese even though he didn't like it. Dickeys would have gotten 1 star but the ribs and okra were pretty darn good and I made one hell of a root beer float while I was there. I may be seen in Dickeys again because I have a fondness for fried okra and I have tried their pulled pork Sandwiches before and liked it. But I will definitely check my takeout before I leave to make sure it is all there and I will never order the mac and cheese or processed turkey poo again.
Amazing place!  Stumbled by it one day and made reservations to go there the week after.  What a nice concept.  The decor is also very homey and makes you feel instantly very comfortable.  It helps that the waiters don't seem to be in a rush at all since they're all volunteers.  Even your tip goes to charity!! And of course the food was actually amazing. They change their menu from time to time so the same options are not always available but if you get a chance to try their lentil dahl, do it.  It was hands down the most flavourful and spiced-infused dahl I've ever tasted.  Mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it.After that, I ordered the lamb which was pretty good. The presentation was very nice.Another compliment to the bread!  So crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside - the way bread is supposed to be.  I went with some Bretons (who apparently are bread and butter experts, or so they claim) and they confirmed that it was, indeed, bread of excellent quality.  We asked them to refill the bread about 3 times and at the end, our waiter was so sweet and gave us a doggy-bag for the remainder in our basket.Robin des Bois made both my stomach and heart happy.
Found this place through Yelp and was not disappointed. Had the beef platter and everything was excellent.  In my short trip in Montreal I tried 2 other fast food Lebanese places and this one was definitely the best.  (Comes with hummus, pickled/shredded cucumber, other pickled veggies, rice, meat, and a piece of pita)  The best part of the entire experience was conversing with Mr. Boustan about Montreal and hearing him drop knowledge on some McGill students about the merits of keeping up with class in the short term so they can go out/party/relax on the night before the exam.  Apparently he did this when he was in engineering school.
Did not see any single person walking around passing out passes to go to Lavo. Walked in to grab the free admission pass during lunch time, called in the afternoon to be put on the guestlist without any promoter's name, and showed up at night and got in less than 3 minute wait thru guestlist line.There is 1 particular free adimssion Pass that also gives you a free drink ticket. You have to look for it though..because there's like 4 different version of free admission passes and there's only ONE that gives u a free drink. Lavo was very generous with their comp drink rule - there was none! You could have anything they had on hand. Most other places have that stupid rule that only well drinks apply to comp drinks =P So take advantage of it with your pass...The club itself was a lot smaller than I thought, but I still liked the feel. Pretty chill, nice bar, the nicest bartenders - (yes...much friendlier than the ones at Blush in the Wynn who were snobs and even nicer than XS bartenders) who won't hesitate to help you out with drink options.The dance floor IS quite small..but it works.And finally, they have the most awesome bathroom ever..I absolutely LOVED it..it reminded me of some enchanted castle restroom or something, with their lion-head sinks..hahaAll in all, XS is better..but Lavo is a great alternative to the others (better than Pure, the Bank, etc)
This is one of those few Indian restaraunts that never seams to fail in all aspects. Their food is flawlessly perfect, the price is great, their service is prompt and everything looks clean and fresh. I HIGHLY recomend going for their Sunday Brunch.
Very disappointed in this place. Got a take out order and when got it home. It was disgusting. Only got the Hibachi chicken and carrots with side of Zucchini. When ordering my husband told them zucchini only no onion. Well basically thats all it was and i am highly allergic to onions. There were maybe 5 to 6 very very small pieces of chicken that had been very overcooked. Couldn't even chew it. Needless to say i was very upset called and talked to manager his only comment. When you come back in next time i will give you some chicken. What the heck. Like that's going to happen.
Hands down best breakfast place in Vegas!! The food was absolutely delicious and everything I wanted. My favorite were the pancakes and sausage. The customer service was outstanding!! The employees were so welcoming and friendly. Will be returning again tomorrow and everytime I come visit Vegas.
Make reservations, the wait here can get pretty long. The sandwiches are delicious! I ordered the corned beef on rye and it was soooooo huge and sooooo worth. Try the pineapple sangrias! Get a pitcher! To yourself! lol but seriously, their sangria are very light, very sweet. and ofcourse, the frozen hot chocolate is a must try.
This place was great. The prices are amazing, the service is friendly, and the food is delicious. This is not Taco bell or Margaritaville. Mexican food and New Mexican food are two different flavors. It's not suppose to have tons of spices and salts like Mexican food does. It's the tastiness of the fresh ingredients and the hot chili that makes this food amazing. The reviews that said the food was bland, are just use to dousing their food in salt.My fiance is from New Mexico so it was a relief to find a place where you can take home frozen green chilies and tortillas. We also ordered our 4 dozen tamales for Christmas.Everyone needs to give this place a shot. We will be going here at least twice a week from now on.
Very food falafal and the pitas were fresh. The Baba Ghannouj was particularly delicious! The roasted eggplant flavor really carried through.
Went here for a birthday celebration, and I have to say I was impressed! The party was on the patio upstairs, and while the weather was unusually chilly and windy for a spring evening, the heat lamps and the rocking fireplace kept me warm. We started off the evening right with an array of appetizers, including shrimp ceviche, chicken fingers w/ a side of fries, calamari, pizza and chicken & steak nachos. Shrimp Ceviche- Large pieces of shrimp tossed with fresh jalapenos, cilantro, tomatoes and red onions marinated in fresh squeezed lime juice. Served with homemade salsa, cocktail sauce and warm tortilla chips. A little difficult to eat, but refreshing & light nonetheless. Chicken fingers- Large pieces of juicy white chicken meat breaded & fried to ultra crispy perfection. The fries were awesome as well, crunchy on the outside & fluffy in the inside...so bad for you, but so yummy.Calamari- Freshly breaded calamari served with house Cajun remoulade and cocktail sauce. My least favorite appetizer of the night. I wish the calamari was more crunchy & less oily. Nachos- Homemade tortilla chips topped with steak & chicken, Jack and Cheddar cheese, fresh pico de gallo, jalapenos, guacamole and sour cream. Served with freshly made salsa. The portion size is ginormous, enough to feed a whole family and then some (I kid you not!).  To wash all this food down, I drank an AMF (Adios...), which was strong and sweet. By this point, I was stuffed beyond belief & ready to pass out, but the DJ started playing music to which I had to get up & dance to to burn some of the millions of calories I had just consumed. Some of the songs were good, while the other songs made me wonder, but in the end, my friends & I had a fantastic night. The food and drinks were good, the servers were awesome and on point, and the DJ that came later on in the night played some cool dance jams. Needless to say, I had a great time here and can't wait to come back to play a couple rounds of skee ball at the arcade!
Very disappointing experience.  We went for dinner on a Sunday evening and arrived at the restaurant around 5:15 PM.  We had been looking forward to ordering some pho but were informed that about 70% of the items listed on the menu were not available (including any pho).  The dishes we ordered very ok but not good enough to leave a lasting impression.  In addition, the restaurant did not accept our restaurant.com gift certificate and also does not accept credit cards.  Time to look for another Vietnamese restaurant with better service and food.
My jaw dropped as I walked into this amazing store! This store holds products that not every generic supermarket has. I felt as though it was a combination of Vons, 99 Ranch Market and Cardenas all rolled into one amazing store! Chefs and culinary students (like myself) could find anything you need to make an exquisite meal!
Modern Steak in Scottsdale is at 7014 East Camelback Road, but you'll know it better as Scottsdale Fashion Square (aka: BMW's overflow lot). Modern Steak is part of Fox Restaurant Concepts, who are known for some highly acclaimed eateries: Bloom, Olive & Ivy, North, The Greene House, et al. I'm usually not a corporate food guy, but Fox RC knows what the hell they are doing, so I was all on board with giving Modern Steak a try.Dinner The restaurant is big and very bold. Lots of blue/silver, accented with whites and browns. The decor is very busy, but it works. The bar area is a nice size with just enough flat panels to satisfy your curiosity on the games, without spoiling the aesthetic of the restaurant. Seating in the main dining area is varied: tables, long booth bench seats, corner booths, and some smaller tables that mimic eating outside (but you're really in the mall). Personally, I'd take a pass on having people watch me eat as they walk back from donating a kidney in exchange for some new duds at Barney's. The wine list is fairly small for a restaurant of this caliber with maybe 30 wines total, but they are almost all available by the glass. Most of the bottles range from about 2x - 3x retail prices. Their idea of a "reserve list" consists of two wines that are both $35 a glass. They are both very good wines, but then again, at $35 a glass they should be. I settled on a glass of Kunde Syrah that was $10. It's fruit forward syrah from the CA Central Coast that has nicely rounded tannins and a smooth, smoky finish. Those of you thinking the menu is all about red meat will be in for a surprise as there are a lot of seafood dishes available. But lovers of the cow won't be upset as Modern Steak does live up to its name with about a dozen beef entrees. Unsurprisingly, the entrees mostly come without any sides, so any extras you want will be a la carte. I spied Parmesan Truffle Fries amongst the sides and knew immediately they would be part of the meal. Here is what we ordered:Poached Wild Caught Shrimp - This was simply amazing! Four colossal shrimp, cooked perfectly then chilled. Served with a ginger infused cocktail sauce and some small herbs (maybe micro arugula?). It was a perfect start to the meal. Beef Short Rib with Red Wine Jus and Horseradish Gnocchi - This was a very well executed dish. The short rib was very tender and just melted in your mouth. The gnocchi were cooked perfectly and the sauce had just enough horseradish without overpowering the plate. The jus was a perfect accent to the dish and mixed well with the horseradish sauce. They also split the order onto two plates for us without being asked (always a plus). Parmesan Truffle Fries - These kind of speak for themselves. Thin cut fries married with truffle oil and parmesan cheese. Perfectly crispy and just a delight to pop in your mouth. They come with "house made ketchup". When I heard that, all I could think of was Chevy Chase in Vacation: "Ooooh, real tomato ketchup, Eddie???"  This ketchup was much better than that, but still seemed lacking. We ended up getting a side of the homemade ranch dressing to dip them in instead. Nothing but high class at our table....Sauteed Asparagus with Parmesan - We were lacking greenery at the table, so we also ordered a side of the asparagus. It was cooked OK, but seemed a little bland. They also cut the spears into 2 inch pieces, which doesn't hurt the flavor, but it looked odd. All in all, a pretty forgettable side dish. Final TakeModern Steak continues the trend of a high quality restaurants run by Fox RC. The food choices are solid and the service is very good. The location is great, so they will probably keep themselves pretty busy between the mall crowd and people walking over Old Town. I will be back because I want to try their burger (you can order it in the restuarant or from a "to go" window that you access from inside the mall). The menu options are not cheap, but I feel you get a quality meal for the money. Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)The EV Foodie
I ended up trying this Five Guys again due to a large family outing and I was pleasantly surprised by the burger being good!!  All eight people agreed the food was good!
We love this place, so it's difficult to be unbiased about my review. First, there's no illusion here, this is, as the red necks say, a fish camp, so don't be surprised when your flatware arrives in a plastic bag. The menu has its share of deeply fried fish fare and your side choices include the also fried, french fries and hush puppies. However, once you make your way past the fried with fried dishes, there is a great broiled section, that offers a variety of fish and shellfish broiled to perfection with some nice seasoning. Although your choice of non-fried sides is limited, you can find a moderately healthy meal here. I always get the broiled scallops and although one of the more expensive items on the menu, it is delicious, filling, and not "break the bank" expensive. But before you get too full, remember to leave room for the Crazy Cake! you cannot leave without picking up a slice, even if it is to take home. We are talking about a rainbow sprinkle topped cake made up of individual layers of chocolate, red velvet, carrot, and strawberry jam topped vanilla cake - that's right 4 layers, each with their complementary frostings holiding it together. The kitsch of this place is everywhere, from the porthole shaped windows, to the nets and seashells hanging up on the dining floor. The waitstaff is always friendly, your glass is always full and the restaurant just has a sort of feel good quality about it that is difficult to explain.
Went here twice and ordered a pork sandwich, something I never get. It was truly exceptional and decent sized. I ate the second half the next day. The crock of olives and the cheese and cracker plate are well done. I can't say anything for the wine choices, as I only had a moscato. I suspect the owners hope to make their profit on the wine, since the glass was notably small. Yes, I know a sparkling wine perhaps should be served in a flute. A solid and affordable place to eat. The place seems to have a lot of anxious young men working the floor, but we got a warm and engaging foodie waitress the first time. She should get a raise for improving the ambiance.
My favorite ramen spot her in Vegas. Their slow roasted pork is the best. Nice atmosphere. Great tasting food. Filling. Easy on the wallet.
Best BBQ ever! We love the food, the staff, and did I mention the food. We have had to cut back from having it every weekend because it was helping is gain some unwanted weight LOL but everyone we introduce to Pork on a Fork loves it and becomes a loyal follower as well.
What a delicious surprise at the Mesa Arts Festival!  I have been dreaming of a place to get a veggie dog with interesting and mouth watering toppings for as long  as I can remember!  I was a little surprised when I was handed my dog wrapped in pita bread, but it was better than a bun. I will be tracking this one down again and again!
Fancy place - good food & good service
love this place!! i work just down the street so atleast two times a week i meet the wife and kids for lunch. There is a nice place area for the kiddos, Great food and  great service!! Landon is the man!!!
I'd give it a 3.5 stars if i could.It's a good buffet, but i don't really feel like i have to go back.
I really wanted to like this place, I love lobster and the guy working (the owner?) was great - friendly, enthusiastic and seemed to really want to bring the new England experience to Vegas. I thought the restaurant itself was ok - their blasting ac was a nice escape from the summer heat. Seats were really padded and super comfy. I thought it was cute that they had their condiment bottles in old 6pack carriers. I got the lobster salad roll for $7.99 I didn't expect too much for the price and it wasn't the best, but wasn't bad. The bread was good - perfectly buttered and toasted, he said they just started shipping the rolls in from I think maine? So like I said, they do care and they are trying. I love that they had crinkle fries, I'm sick of this whole shoestring fries thing so many places have going on. Crinkle fries remind me of elementary school lunch - the star of every craptastic meal. Also had the fried scallop appetizer $7 or $8 I can't remember. They were pretty good - a decent portion, hand breaded w panko. They may need to change their oil because it had a weird after-taste like old oil. I'm honestly not sure that I'll be back. They've been open long enough to work out the kinks, but the reviews are mostly the same - ok but not great when this is a place specializing in lobster.
The service is good at lunch and the service is good at dinner. The pizza is amazing! So many options to make a pie even if you're watching your diet. We go 2 or 3 Tuesdays a month and always try to sit outside at the bar. The patio is great! Another place I'd highly suggest!
Love this restaurant!  Best Thai in Charlotte. We go weekly and are never disappointed.  Pad Kaprow and Pad Prik are among my favorites. Wait staff is excellent.
I had a serious fight with my gf and after we had dinner here, she's totally happy now ;) we were told there was 45-min wait,    But we were called in less than 30 min. Super friendly staff, food was fresh and authentic. Compared to the other AYCE sushi this one is definitely the best. We tried all the dessert and all were fantastic! Not too sweet. uni was fresh.favorite restaurant in Vegas!!
i visit this place over the weekend to give them a second chance since last time the food server is lack of training and very bad attitude not precise with serving food and still the same even worse this time!!!
Finally somewhere else for employees around the downtown area to eat besides the court cafeteria!! Pretty good food, but the prices are a tad expensive ($10 for Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, or Pad-See-Ew) but I can understand because of it's location right across from Insert Coins.  However, I do like the food though; it's well made with just the right amount of spice (fyi the spice level is from 1-5 with 2 being medium). If you are going for take out this place usually takes about 20-30 min. to prepare food, but it's worth the wait in my opinion. Highly recommend shrimp Pad-See-Ew and Shrimp Drunken Noodles ($2 extra for shrimp). Great place for lunch!!
The chocolate covered strawberry crepe did not have fresh strawberries, it had preserves. I wish their menu had said that it is strawberry preserve.
Neither my hubby or I liked this place. Our food was not tasty- we were thinking, "jeez-I'm paying someone to cook this??" And although my hub liked his beer, I didn'tike mine. We'll go elsewhere.
Egg Works has become my go-to place for breakfast when I don't wish to stray far from my neighborhood. The interior is reminiscent of a greasy spoon with dark and uninspiring bland colors. The ambience doesn't do much to perk one's appetite and mood during breakfast. On the condiment tray, there's a smiley egg and a frowny egg graphic that indicates whether or not you require more service. A.k.a, get their attention. The service can be friendly or you can also end up with a snooty waitress that tells you they don't do the frowning egg anymore. Well, why do you put it on the table then?Can't give an opinion on their lunch items but their omelettes are pretty good. Overall, the food is decent and the banana muffin that comes with some meals will be bringing you back.
Honestly, I've had better. Way better. Ellis Island is off the strip and can be difficult to get a taxi back from, the seating is your typical sticky wooden tables, and the steak is usually overcooked and by no means great quality.But for some reason, every Vegas trip of mine has to include a drunken trip here at 4 am for $5.99 steak and eggs. Sometimes 2 in 1 night for those friends of mine that are so drunk they forgot they went the first time around. And for the price, your drunk self will be happy eating the home style fries and soaking up the runny egg yolk with some buttered toast. I sure am every time.
My first time trying this place. It was a toss up between it and a subway with one star ratings. It wasn't a very difficult decision. There was another patron there when I entered. I took a look at the menu and knew I'd be coming here for lunch on a daily basis.  I ordered a toasted Italian sub which I'm eating now.  It's delicious!
My husband and I travelled from York, SC to meet friends for a concert Uptown on Thursday evening. One of the couples we were joining made a reservation for six at the Roosters Uptown location.In the spirit of full disclosure, four of us arrived 15 minutes late to join the third couple at our reserved table. We entered the Bank of America complex on the wrong side and took a scenic tour of several catwalks, escalator banks and retail corridors in our quest to find the restaurant!  We were definitely late, and we accept responsibility for that.However, a note to Rooster's:(1) If you seat us, you are implying that it is within your professional capacity to serve us in a timely manner. (2) If it is apparent that you are in the midst of a rush you were inadequately prepared to handle, please alert the patrons arriving 15 minutes late to their reservation that it is in their best interest to dine elsewhere.(3) If your server is so far in the weeds to be unable, in retrospect, to take appetizer orders within the first 1/2 hour of the experience (let alone entree selections), simply be apologetic and bring our checks when they are requested. Snarky, rude servers reflect very poorly on the managerial staff of any establishment.As far as the actual dining room and the tiny sampling of the menu we accomplished:(1) The ambience is fantastic. In an area surrounded by modern, sleek and minimalist designs, Roosters manages to carve out a tiny niche reminiscent of a converted farmhouse, complete with lowered ceilings, weathered wood tables and beautiful iron chandeliers. The restaurant felt intimate and casual but with an elegant touch.(2) The Skinny Margarita Martini was perfect. Fresh lime pulp added just enough tartness....full flavor, ice cold, and delicious.(3) The beer selection was fairly good and was served very cold. The server offered an excellent suggestion to my husband when his first choice was not available.(4) The bread is hardy, with a nutty flavor - paired with the dipping oil it is a wonderful start to what could have been a rich and tasty dinner.(5) Only negative; the water was strangely metallic and, well...yucky.
A little pricey? Sure. But the food is delicious, and the ambiance is quite unique. The Szechuan pork belly was a great starting bite, the wine list was more impressive than I was expecting, and the salmon with polenta was perfectly tender and delicious - despite the understandable skepticism about smoked and then roasted. And because I'm a huge sucker who can't say 'no' to a dessert, I packed the chocolate torte in every available remaining cranny. Painfully stuffed, but unbelievably satisfied, I almost forgot that I had work to do the next day.Next time I'm in town, this place will definitely be on my short list.
I really did like this place and would go back here if in the neighborhood.They do have some growing pains to work out. 1. They do need to remodel. I believe from what I saw they are working on that. I don't go to a buffet for ambiance anyways so I didn't have any major issue with this. If you like a buffet with ambiance Las Vegas is about 5 hours away.2. Their food is good, I liked the grape leaves, chicken schwarma, and I enjoyed the hummus and fresh made pita bread. Thoughts, have a Pita Bread Station that someone can work, instead of the owner running around trying to do everything (To the owner, you were fantastic, I wanted to give you a hug when I left!). There are some tweaks that need to happen to some of the food, mostly the American like the Pasta Alfredo, chicken nuggets etc. I would love it if they would give my chef friend a job he could turn the OK to fabulous as he is amazing with Eastern Food, and American at that.It appears to be a family run place, Husband, Wife and Two Daughters. I will tell you this, their two girls are some of the most respectful well mannered girls I have ever met. They were amazingly attentive.If the owners read your reviews, and from the service I am pretty sure you do, because I saw major changes from some of the reviews, you have a great thing going for you. Focus on the American food making it better, or even better then that taking that out and adding more Mediterranean food (or Thai even...curries are awesome and relatively easy to make and unlike some people I am OK with that kind of food here.)I will be back, and look forward to watching you blossom in the valley!
Man, I love a burger. Nothing makes me as happy as a delicious, cheesy burger, perfect fries, and an ice cold drink. It's seriously the best way to raise my spirits. The burgers here are pretty good. They're cooked well, the toppings are good, and they're pretty big. The regular order of fries is way too big for me, so I try to stay away from it. The cool soda machine that allows for a million drink combinations is pretty cool, though I always end up with Sprite and peach flavor. IDK. In short, I like the food here. So why three stars? This place is expensive for what it is. It's a little burger joint, NBD, located close to an In N Out and Smashburger. Both places serve amazing burgers for better prices. I went to Five Guys a few days ago and spent $24 on two burgers and two fries. Seriously. I coulda gone to Applebee's and done their 2-for-$20 deal I love so much. The prices here are too expensive for what it is.
We were there last night. Very crowded but scored a table outside. The food was pretty good but the waitress we had was miserable. We asked her to not bring the meal til we had finished salads. Of course that request was ignored and the dinner showed up shortly after salads. She then brought the check before asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. I like the place but after last night we will rethink going there.
Went here for our wedding anniversary and LOVED it. At first when we pulled into the strip mall, I thought, "Hm..." but it was really wonderful. The decor is charming and very well thought out. The design features an open kitchen, which we were seated near, but we never had a problem with too much noise. Our server welcomed us with a "Happy Anniversary" and was exceptionally attentive. The chef, who's from Chicago, stopped by the booth and talked with us for several minutes. The food (I had the Scottish salmon; my husband, the sea bass) was delicious. They've only been open about seven months but were decently busy for a Monday night.The menu is not large but it IS varied - everything from Buffalo Sirloin to rack of lamb, scallops, etc. And the wine list is similarly not broad but excellent. Our server said that on Friday and Saturday nights it's best to make a reservation; we had one for Monday but probably didn't need it. Highly recommend and if we lived in Phoenix we'd definitely go back often. As it is, we're in Georgia and will have to rely on our AZ friends to help keep Rusconi's open. Check it out - you won't be disappointed!
Swordfish tacos were delish! With a very cold Mic Ultra.
This place is great. Ordered delivery from them and it was fast, and the pizza was still hot and gooey cheese. The delivery guy, kirk I think, was very professional and was a speedy driver. He called when he was here, cause he delivered to the ballys hotel. Super nice guy, and it shoes what kind of establishment they have based on the people that midtown hires. 5 stars for yummy food and great service.
I really like what The Huxley have done to this space, and especially on their menus: both food, and cocktail. Previously the Rutland Bar, which had been around for a fair while, a makeover and change of name can do the world of good. I always liked the Rutland, but it felt very much like a bar to have meetings in, or a subdued drink. The Huxley has a great vibe midweek. I've yet to visit at the weekend. But yknow what? As far as a bar for a mid-week after-work drink and munchies goes, it's pretty good. I've heard amazing things about their burgers and hot dogs. I will be back to try these (the burgers come with two patties per bun?!)When I came, I tried a Grapefruit Mojito and it was really fresh and delicious. When a bar isn't specifically a 'cocktail bar' I can be very suspicious. So many times a cocktail can come unmuddled, or with chunky ice instead of crushed, and it can just taste like watery, alcohol with a sprinkling of fruit. Not at The Huxley. I happened to meet the mixologist at the bar, who was very proud of all his creations (he has made all the recipes) and was really keen to make some cocktails for me. I love this kind of energy and passion. There were some delicious looking numbers there too.The food menu is also really unusual, inspired and different. Hot dogs are, well, so hot right now. But there were also nibbles like Poached Duck Egg with black pudding and chorizo. Or a Scotch Dug Egg with HP sauce. Or Mini Chipolatas with dip, which I had. And the Battered Sole, with a side of seaweed salad.Note: do not put half the seaweed salad in your mouth at once. It tastes like the sea. Like the sea and fish. I used to have a through-and-through phobia of fish. It was not pleasant. I am assured, however, that a little nibble of the seafood salad is quite pleasant.The Huxley is a new bar, and new bars take a while to settle into themselves. I hope it goes from strength to strength, however, as you can see they've put a lot of thought into the new food menu, the cocktail menu, and the new decor.Now, when can I go back for a burger?
Bob's is a great little diner, with four locations in the Pittsburgh area. We ate at the McKee's Rocks location on our last visit to Pittsburgh. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by a view of all the breakfast goodies being cooked on the flat top. One thing to remember here: the portions are very big. My wife and I split a breakfast burrito made with fresh salsa, eggs, very spicy sausage, peppers, cheese etc. My only complaint would be the potatoes. They were definitely not needed. Our server was Dawn, who I also think was the manager. She was very friendly and attentive.
Save your money.  Salad greens were old with some rotten leaves.  My friend got the baby Caesar and it was made with iceberg lettuce and tasteless dressing.  The marinara sause was salty.  Meatballs were tiny tiny which was fine because they were not worth the calories.  The pasta was less than tasty.  The service was very good.  I was hoping this would be a good neighborhood restaurant to frequent but I'll have to keep looking.  Sorry guys, you failed to deliver.
This place is fantastic! I've been there a few times for business lunches and everyone has always been happy. The pizzas are ample for one person or could be split if you also got a saled (which is huge). Everything looks and tastes fresh and I love that you can ask to have as much as you want piled on and it's still the same price. Although the line can back up at lunch (much like a Chipotle) since everything is made to order, the pizza is done in 3 minutes after being cooked in a hig-powered 550 degree oven. I don't think I've even had a problme finding any seatign even when the line is long. I actually think this pizza is better than 90% of pizza I've had elsewhere. To me, it's worthy of 5 starts. I just wish they had one right where I live.
I can't get enough of this Japanese fushion restaurant, Soho!! :)) Dishes here are fresh, delicious, & it all comes with a nice clean presentation. We recently tried a few new dishes. If you're open-minded try the following: blue fin toro--OMG & fresh uni (eat it without dipping it anything). In a nutshell, you must must come!! :))
Just wanted to thank the wonderful manager Al and the very accommodating staff for a dinner to remember.   I've lived here in Phoenix for about six years now and love the food at oreganos.  My mother passed away last year and I have two aunts that came to visit to celebrate her life on the 1 year anniversary of her passing, with my sister and I .   She loved pizza and we thought we would go to someplace nice to eat with great food.   It was very busy that eve. We pre ordered our deep dish pizza, we were seated within the wait time,  and got our pizza quickly after sitting down.  To my disappointment it was not the bubbly hot pizza I enjoyed at previous visits. It was just kind of warm.  I let the waiter know and the manager Al came to our table and asked if we would like a new pizza  on the house.  Another pizza wow! We mentioned the reason we were there that evening and I guess it touched his soul.  He added a fantastic cookie dessert with ice cream  for our celebration of my mothers life  and picked up the whole tab on the house.  I have never been treated so special on such a memorable day Al you made this visit from family a beautiful and wonderful memory just like my beautiful and wonderful mother .  Thank you for your thoughtfulness and compassion on such a difficult day . Wendy O
Distill is exactly what Summerlin has been waiting for.  They area really hasn't had a local bar scene (aside from those in the neighboring casinos) before and this place really adds convenience and ease when grabbing drinks with friends after work.  Their menu is pretty impressive.  It is a step up from your average bar food and has a very diverse selection (plus pancakes lovers rejoice, breakfast is available all day!)  My personal favorite item is the avocado eggs rolls.They staff is pretty friendly.  Our server was relatively new so she was still getting into the swing of things, but you could tell she was trying so I won't judge too critically. The interior decor is warm and inviting, and the patio layout is kind of fun.   The bathrooms, however, could use an update. Overall, I enjoyed Distill, will be returning and would recommend to others.
Finally a Vig in my neighborhood. We have enjoyed the Vig Uptown for years, now their great food is on McCormick Ranch. We loved their eye for detail with the design of this new building. They offer a large outside patio plus casual elegance inside. The food is consistently good, from well prepared burgers, to elegant entrees. The bar was always busy with both the cocktail crowd to diners eating at the bar. The noise level in the bar side can be LOUD!, especially with all the hard surfaces. It could use some sound deading, and, not great for intimate conversations. The food is the star. Burgers prepared fresh and as ordered. Note to the kitchen, On last visit their regular fries were way too salty with their spice blend. Their salads and sandwiches are excellent. They offer a full bar with a large wine selection. And, remember half-priced wines on Sundays. There is plenty of parking.
Came here for lunch and was unimpressed. The waitress brought us soup and salad as soon as we sat down and then was gone for like 10 minutes. No drinks. I did not try any sushi, so it could be spectacular for all I know. I had the lunch portion of Teriyaki beef, which was a good portion, but the meat was really tough. I did like the sauce, though.We also ordered gyoza, which I liked, but the dipping sauce was off. My bf ordered the Tempura lunch, which was a good portion but again, the dipping sauce was off. Probably would not rush back here, but I am always willing to try something more than once, because you never know!
Food: Decent, but not great. Their pancakes are huge and come in portions no human could possibly eat. The waffles and other breakfast items are regularly portioned.Service: Good. The waitress was very nice, but her efforts to sell us the most expensive options on the menu were not subtle at all.Pricing: Overpriced, but what can you expect when you come to Las Vegas? Pancakes and waffles range from $9.95 to $13.95.The café is located inside the SLS, so make sure to park in their parking structure. The pancakes are pretty good, but make sure you share with them with someone, as you typically get three pancakes (each larger than the plate they're served on). The coffee comes in a French press, which makes a very nice cup of coffee. However, be aware that they charge per physical cup that you order, even if you only have one French press. They didn't disclose this at any point until we got the bill, which was kind of shady.This place was good, but definitely nothing to rave about. Surely there are other, better places to eat in Las Vegas.
Stopped in here for lunch bc it's right around the corner from my work and I was really looking forward to it. The waitress was very nice. I asked what the chicken steak consisted of bc I don't like deep fried/heavy things for lunch. Turns out it's just seasoned chicken so that's what I ordered. The pita itself was good, the chicken wasn't seasoned evenly. The first couple bites I could taste some of the seasoning and after that it was really bland same thing with the tzatziki sauce. I was very disappointed. I could have paid the same amount, been even closer to work AND had an amazing lunch if I had just went to Cafe Mix.
