I love this place. Normally, it would have been 4.5 stars, but since they moved to a smoke free environment, it gets a 5 star rating. The staff is quick, friendly and very "with it." This is a true family business and the food is fantastic. I love the jumbot! It's amazing and hearty. The coffee isn't the best, but the food makes up for it. The french toast and pancakes are lovely too. This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter. I like this place way better than Pamelas, which, apart from the strawberry crepes, doesn't really do it for me. It was recently on the Food Network too so I'm not the only one that feels that way!
Went to Rolands for lunch of a Sunday.  Around 30 beers on draft, but mostly the usual beers; only a few micros.The actual menus themselves need updating; they're something you'd see in a crappy diner....photocopies stuffed into clear plastic film.  We both got salads; one tuna & one salmon.  Huge pieces of fish that were of decent quality.  The upstairs has a cool balcony to hang out on in the summer.  It's a cool place in strip; I'd recommend stopping by and checking it out.
Why does this place still exist?Back when Sizzler went out of business sometime in the mid-90's one marketing expert explained the reasons behind it like this: "There was no longer any question people were asking to which the answer was 'Sizzler'".  Soon after it lost relevance--and went through at least one bankruptcy-- the chain disappeared.CPK is a nicely-decorated facility at a great location, but besides being the only pizzeria in the Biltmore Fashion Park proper, there is very little reason to visit here. It's not the answer to any current question.The pizza is never better than so-so. The toppings are never really that fresh. The salads are an uninspired-though-nicely-arranged pile of iceberg and other ingredients that wouldn't seem extraordinary at Applebee's. In fact, i think Applebee's does salad better. The service tends to be a bit slow. The drinks are pricey.For all this indifferent straight-from-Sysco quality, you pay a premium price.It's probably been 10 years since this place has had any cachet that might justify the higher prices. Maybe longer. I think they might be hurting since the departure of Planet Hollywood, which itself brought a study stream of cornpone slackjaws impressed by a name--though not enough to keep it in business.If you're looking for Pizza in this part of the Camelback Corridor, hold out and go to the Parlor at 19th St.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Beware when ordering they will not even attempt to correct there mistake! I ordered the shrimp and vegetable dinner combination. To my surprise when my food arrived it was just shrimp and vegetables not the combination. I called the store back, explained the problem, and told them I would pay for a full size fried and egg rolls ( to match my huge potion of shrimp and veggies). The girl on the line said it was no problem that they wouldn't charge me. About 3 min later a women with a heavy accent called and explained that I did not say I wanted a combination and they are too busy to come back. I was so appalled! I barely knew what to say! Too busy to come back and correct there mistake, especially when I offered to pay for it?! I ended up ordering from another place and will never order from this shop again. I would give them 0 stars if I could!
You could describe the Elephant Bar chain of restaurants as comfort food with an Asian accent.  The menu is fairly large, and contains Chinese style wok-fired items, sandwiches, ribs, fish and chips, etc.  You get the idea.  Some of the food is better than what you would expect in a chain -- the barbequed ribs and crispy salmon tempura, for example, but much of it is average or even subpar (like the patty melt -- dry and tasteless).I would only grant Elephant Bar two stars, but the prices make it clear that they are not trying to do much more than they accomplish.  It is honestly mediocre.  That's something.  I guess.Go here for a quick average meal after the movies, if you go at all.Note:  Seniors, over 60, get 20% off with a "Safari card", and there are often coupons and discounts available.
We are checking out tomorrow morning after a three day stay here at the Arizona Golf Resort. Pros: We got a really nice room (400's). The bed is super comfortable, nice chairs and a table, lots of lighting, nice television set along with a fridge, microwave and sink. The bathroom is very spacious with a huge bathtub! Nice marble countertops and there's an iron and ironing board in the room as well. Very nice accommodations. The décor is a bit outdated but so what? I'm not staying here to stare at the walls or the bedspread; I came to visit family. All we did was slept and showered in our room. Another HUGE pro is that they allow pets. Seeing as though we have two, this was a big selling point for us to stay here. The ground are beautiful and well-maintained. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Cons: When I first made our reservation, I specifically asked about pets and pet fees. I was told that yes, they allow pets and no, there are no pet fees. Great! Not so fast....on the television, there's a channel that allows you to see your room bill. Turns out we got charged $25 PER PET for a total of $50. Not cool..if you want to charge a pet fee, you MUST tell people up front; not just tack it to their bill and expect them to pay it. Somewhat shady. *BE CAREFUL ABOUT THIS* This resort charges for LOCAL CALLS. They are NOT FREE! This is something that we did not know until we saw our call charges on the room bill. Luckily, someone removed these charges for us. We never made one long distance call; only a few local calls and got charged out the behind. Nobody will tell you that local calls must be paid for so do yourself a favor and don't use the phone in your room because it will cost you an arm and a leg. EDIT* Just found out we got screwed on the bill. When I initially made the reservations, I was told the room would be $79 per night with no pet fee. They charged us $100 per night on top of $50 for the dogs. I am going to file a complaint with the BBB.VERY dishonest resort. Save your money and go elsewhere; the hassle here isn't worth it. Very disappointed.
I went by this location for lunch today, only to see a big CLOSED sign by the entrance.  Other cars came in too so I'm assuming it recently shut down.  I had lunch there 2 weeks ago.  The sign said that the Gilbert location was still open.
The fried chicken wings are good.  The rest?  Below par Chinese MSG.  I might get some wings sometime, but the rest of the food is below mediocre.
Visiting from out of town and saw the reviews on yelp. We came by for breakfast and are glad we did. The service was excellent. The food was delicious. Highly recommend this Mexican food paradise.
Every time I've come here it's during my 30 minute lunch break.  They are so fast, it's almost why I default to them if I don't bring my lunch.  Their vegetarian sandwich is really good as well as their sandwich with roast beef.  I don't count calories but I do try to stay on top of how much sodium I consume; when I looked up the nutritional facts for their sandwiches, they were ridiculous.  Most of the sandwiches averaged 1200 calories.  It doesn't bother me, but I'm just sayin' for those people that are concerned.  It's also super cheap!  My favorite sandwich shop. :)
Only visited twice but both times have been great.  This last time I decided to try their buffalo chicken salad and it was awesome, grilled spicy buffalo chicken, tomatoes and red onions on a bed of spinach leaves with blue cheese dressing....YUM!!  The only thing that would have been an improvement would have been if they would have chilled the salad prior to serving.  I just prefer cold greens and accoutrements.  As always the biscuits are awesome and I don't get biscuits in Charlotte anymore hardly so when I can....I do :)
First of all, move your vienna beef hotdog eating ass back to Chicago! No one likes you or your slander. This is pizza for people who know what pizza is - vs a bowl of cheese and slop that they call chicago-style pizza. No one likes Uno - it failed here for a reason. This is not a place for dBags, snotty-types, nor big timers. They have the best pie by a mile and the service will rock your lame ass! Do you really think they have slung well over a MILLION pizzas out of that brick over b/c there is any doubt about the quality? Really? Again, I drive to Charlotte from Dallas and have to fight my daughter to get to go and see family before Luisas, so great is the pie - and the world's greatest waitress also. Go here, eat, and be happy!
A favored fallback when I can't get up the energy to cook. Reasonable prices, a really nice selection of healthy/ healthier options, well-prepared, and fresh ingredients. I've never been disappointed at any of the locations.Nutty Mixed Up Salad, wraps, delicious soups and deserts... Yes, please. Gimme more!
Back door entrance. Prohibition feel. Interior as far as the walls, are obviously artificial. Overall still provides an enjoyable atmosphere.  The best part:  The live band gets an A+++++!  Current music with their own style.  Definitely had me singing along to songs I don't normally like. The menu has great options and is affordable. Had some wine by the glass served in a personal carafe.  The truffle Gouda tastes so good. It is served on a platter with bread, apples, dried apricot, and nuts. Difficult to converse with friends during the band performance. I prefer to sit back snack and absorb the music.
My boyfriend and I went here as part of a pre-birthday celebration while we were staying at Mandalay Bay. We had made a reservation for 830 and were seated immediately when we arrived. They brought us drinks right away and the margaritas were pretty strong, which was great. We ordered enchiladas, a steak quesadilla, chips and guac and some sort of pork appetizer. All of it was really good. We also mentioned to the waiter that it was my birthday  tomorrow and they brought out a complimentary Mexican chocolate cake, which was a nice touch. I definitely would recommend for a casual dinner or lunch if you are staying at Mandalay.
Um. Not so much. If you like a kitschy atmosphere and overpriced food that's not so great than maybe this place is for you.  I suppose it's worth visiting at least once just to see the decor, but if you want a quality meal....yeah. No.  I had the Cobb salad which was not a wedge of lettuce, but mixed greens with iceberg. The bacon was bacon bits. I don't recall blue cheese so the amount was minuscule. There was about a whole bottle of balsamic on it.  The egg was crumbled. Anyway, kids would probably like the place....I will say the service was good.
So I finally got to try this place out today.Came here with the boyfriend around noon. We started off with the duck. 5 stars. The meat was so delicious and tender. It fell right off the bone. Neither one of us are a cherry fan, but we liked the cherries that came with this appetizer.For the entree, I had the classic steak and fries. The fries were very thin and crisp, almost like fry chips. I enjoyed these a lot. I ordered my steak medium, but it wasn't pink at all. However, still tender. The steak, in my opinion, was just okay. I would not pay $25 for it again. My boyfriend ordered the patty melt. He likes almost everything in the world, but did not enjoy this meal at all. The party melt came with a thousand island dressing, which he hates. I can't recall if it said this on the menu....The bread that they serve is just like in France. It was warm and crisp, even the butter was delicious.The service was very good, our server's name was Katherin. Our waters were constantly being filled.I loved the environment. It was super windy today so we sat inside near a window, right by the bar.I would come back, but next time I would like to try breakfast.
3 $$$ = 3 *** for me.  I really had high expectations for this Thomas Keller spot but the slow SERVICE and TEMPERATURE of the food left me very disappointed. Decor aside (Venetian is just purely spectacular), the food left me very dissatisfied. My first course was the special of the night braised veal cheeks. Cheeks of most animals are always wonderful because it is tender and succulent. So when I see veal cheeks that's like adding sugar to my fudge. It must be good right? Not really. It could have been any meat tenderized and slow cooked in an overpowering sauce. SERVED  LUKEWARM. Second course was Magret de Canard (duck breast). I get excited because I LOVE DUCK. It was served in an All-Clad copper-plated pan. A spectacular presentation but it came out LUKEWARM! As an All-Clad copper core owner, it really pained me to cut into this beautiful work of art and I'm not talking about the duck. What a waste! Overall, the experience is nothing spectacular for dinner. I still debate whether I should return for brunch just for the courtyard view.
Diners beware!! I have eaten everywhere from high end to street corner and never have gotten food poisoning.  Cross contamination of there handling of sea food and micro greens caused me to  be sick for over 24 hrs...this was the worst pain of my life and totally bummed that it happened from this fine establishment...how could this happen..ordered the overpriced seabass and had skin removed only to find out that they gave me a portion the size of Mcdonalds fish fillet....totally a disappointment, not to mention FOOD Poisioning
Pretty good, especially if you like dessert, seafood, and prime rib. A little expensive, but don't forget to tip.I hear it's free if you are a frequent poker player at the Wynn.
1. It's the in the Wynn2. The decor is so CUTESY! I love how whimsical things are, I've already decided to have my wedding look like that.3. RACK OF LAMB? WTF AWESOME4. HELLA CHOICES OF CHEESE?! EVEN BETTERI honestly thought this was the best buffet I ever went to in Vegas. I have yet to try Carnival but from what I heard it's the same, but I mean, the Wynn is on the strip while you have to drive/taxi it up to the Rio? SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THE WYNN.Note: Go at 3PM so you'll get Dinner at Lunch price because they'll start to switch out foods. :) I know my party did that and I think we stayed there for like 3 hours? Woot
Coming back from the airport after dropping off the wife, my son said "Dad, I want a GOOD breakfast"....  well my little foodie had a great idea, so I decided to take the advice of Yelp and stopped in at Matt's Big Breakfast.  Ok, my first reaction to following my GPS device's guidance was "woah...I really don't need to get hit up for spare change today".  But once I decided that the neighborhood was ok, I decided to just forget about the surroundings, and give Matt's a try.  I am so glad we did!Service:  Quick, friendly, and accurate!  An instant plus!Food:  I had a basic eggs and meats breakfast with hashbrowns.  The highlight was the bacon (OMG was it good) and the sausage (WOW!)My son had the salami scramble and man did he chow!  He immediately noted we needed to come back and bring mom.The orange juice was clearly fresh squeezed and was just great!!!What can I say, the reviews I read were right.  This place rocks!  It was very much worth five stars!Oh, and don't park in the ASU lot or Barney Fife will give you a lecture like he did to me today.  This annoying little man was literally clicking his heels (jackboots) to lecture me about not parking...and I had to tell him to cut to the chase...as his lecture was going on forever.
I really hate to give anyone this bad of a rating but it is the truth.  I sat at the bar to have a drink while waiting for my friend and was greeted by a drone of a bartender who seemed annoyed that I wanted a drink.  REALLY??? While enjoying my cocktail, I noticed that every table in the bar had towers of dirty plates and glasses.  There was not a bus person or wait staff to be found cleaning.  A crowd of employees were hovered over a coworkers cell phone.  When my friend arrives we decide to move to a bar table that was clean.  The bartender wouldn't allow us to transfer our tab to a table 3 feet away.  We should have left after that but we were very hungry.  We finally order and as we were waiting a server dropped a tray full of wine glasses.  Glass shattered everywhere!  Under our table and on my lap. It was quickly cleaned My friend arrives to save me from the already poor experience.  He orders a drink from our personality deprived bartender.  We are not ever offered a menu or a napkin, basically ignored.  We decide to move to a finally cleared bar table in hopes of getting service.   WRONG!!!!  We sat for ten minutes with a waitress passing us several times.  I finally grab menus .  As we are looking over the menus a server drops a tray of wine glasses next to our table.  Glass landed on my lap and all around our table.  I understand it was an accident, but never received a slight concern by the five employees gathered around the mess.  Not even the manager!!!! The waitress finally makes her way over to our table and  and the first thing she says is do you have a tab at the bar because I will have to transfer it.  WOW!  Really??? We order apps, they come out cold.  Dinner was fair and at this point I'm over the experience.  We stay to chat a bit after dinner to get asked by the waitress if we were done because she needed to leave like 5 mins ago.  Living back in Ohio I loved to go to Maggiano's but this location needs to step it up!  I have had several clients share what poor management and subpar service.  Yelpers BEWARE!
The Carna Adova and Eggs were so good they brought a tear to my eye... or was it the flaming hot plate they were served on? nasty blister.  Food - 5 Stars
Lately, I noticed that this place is a hit and miss kinda place depend what day you go. One day, their sushi and hot food can  be really good, another day can be eeehh. For $16 for lunch, it's not a bad deal especially when you're craving for sushi. For dinner, you can do better at other places.As far any which Makino to go to, I still think the one at the Premium Outlet is the best one.
Excellent.  My only complaint is that they never seem to have the bacon wrapped dates.  I have been dying to try these, and I've been through PHX 3 times this year, but have not been able to get them once.  Apparently they don't have them for lunch, and they sell out really quickly for dinner.For the food I actually got, the bacon wrapped pork loin was heavenly.  It sits on a bed of squash that absorb the bacon/pork flavor.  I almost licked the plate.  The watermelon salad was also good.  The dressing is sweet, but has a slight kick of savory pepper.  I had it for lunch once, but I think I might order for desert next time I go.  Speaking of desert, the huckleberry cheesecake was momentous.  It's served in mini-mason jars, which some of my colleges got a kick out of.  The service has been outstanding every time I've been there.  Both waiters I've had demonstrated extensive knowledge of the wine list and menu and made great recommendations.  The scenery isn't too bad either.
Went to the Vig for after dinner drinks the other night and I had a really good time. We stopped in probably around 9:00 and were given a booth immediately. I was thrilled to see we were hitting happy hour so all the martinis were $5 a piece (awesome). Now I have not had the food here but the atmosphere was great. There was a nice mellow DJ accompanied by a trombone player and it really set a nice vibe. The couches out on the patio were spacious and comfy and I could picture myself spending a few relaxing evenings here with friends when the weather gets cooler. Granted it is a slight cheesy atmosphere with the cougars and all but what bars aren't (and I would prefer watching cougars than drunk college jocks any day). The drinks were cheap the music was great. People complain about the valet, but you can park across the street and save yourself the $5 bucks. I think I'll check it out for dinner tonight the wings and burger seem to get great reviews.
I Went to this location for the first time yesterday and I wasn't disappointed. It's definitely loud and a little cramp but not uncomfortable at all. Anyone looking for a quiet restaurant to dine in probably wouldnt like it here but seeing how busy they are makes it okay. Plus it kinda sets the atmosphere of the whole restaurant. However  We sat in the cantina, it was a little small but we were able to grab a high top and had both perfect views of the t.v. Their happy hour is awesome and the best part is its all day sunday in the cantina! They have good choices  and prices on cocktails and food. The taco baskets are to die for! They are amazing! And a good size! I could eat them all day! Except i only ate two because i was stuffed haha. Our server was awesome he was super attentive. Being a server I think he did a great job being busy an all. He always got us refills on our drinks, checked up on us, made sure we were happy, and we were! I definitely think I'll be back, especially on sundays and I'll bring a few friends while I'm at it!
I dont know why theres so many bad reviews,my experience was different!My steak was very moist and flavorful. I know theplace is expensive, but they do have an awesomehamburger for $13, that includes fries and slaw. Bestmeat I have ever had in a hamburger!The ribeye was very good to, the meat actually had flavor. Manysteak houses in town just give you a tender piece of meat, butno flavor in their steaks. Side dishes were very good!Needless to say, I will be coming back.
My boyfriend is obsessed with Dillys so I agreed to go with him after a hike. I was ravenous and ordered the roast beef sandwich on dark rye. Very disappointing. The meat honestly tasted like baloney :( ugh very weird texture. I almost felt tricked? I may give the BLT a try next time but not a good first impression :(
All of this talk about banchan on the boards has lead a few friends and I on an epic quest for Korean food. They say that three is the magic number and I find it hard to disagree after my party failed to find a spot for dinner. One place closed down, another didn't open until 6pm, and then it dawned on me that Mr. Tofu was an option. Although it is not in the main Chinatown complex, this plaza holds it's own in culinary delights and Mr. Tofu only adds to it's credibility. Mr. Tofu does not offer a large menu, instead focusing all their efforts onto a single sided page. This reminded me of the specialty restaurants in Korea. Instead of offering a bevy of sub par items, they focus on a few signature dishes. The ambiance is simplistic and clean. The restaurant is minimalistic, open, brightly light, and the walls are adorn with a large menu and pictures of what they offer. The staff was friendly and quick with the refills on banchan. Not once did we have to request for more. Instead the gentleman swept in with replacements as soon as we devoured. Good thing there was only one other party, because I feel sympathy for anyone who has to serve Katrina M. and I when we feast. The poor guy made four rounds. The broccoli, kimchi, and two radish dishes did not stand a chance. The pickled celery was not in high demand. Bringing along a newbie to Korean food, we ordered and dined family style. I got the kongguksu; a cold, milky soybean noodle soup garnished with cucumber. The noodles are chewy without being rubbery. The soup is a thicker soy milk with pine nuts floating throughout. This dish is not for everyone because it will seem bland, but they offer salt on the side. On a hot day, this refreshing dish is a savior. At ten dollars, it is a filling meal. The soup alone is like drinking three cups of milk. We also ordered a combination soondubu; filled with beautiful pieces of pork, beef, mussels, shrimp, soft tofu, and egg. Adding the galbi plate is a steal. The two items came to fifteen dollars and could easily feed two, but we are fatties and ordered a second pork soondubu combo. I only wished the soondubu was spicier.
Best quality and most flavorful pizza in Maricopa.  Original and thin crust are both great and the quality is consistent.  We order delivery regularly and, even though we live pretty far out in Maricopa, our order is still always nice & hot and the delivery drivers are always friendly.  The coupons in the local paper make it as affordable as other chains but the quality here makes it a far better value.  We've been into the restaurant once and had a perfectly fine experience there.  It's a pizza place, not a fine dining restaurant, and the pizza is so good that we couldn't care less about the decor.
Today was my third time at Sal's Gilbert Pizza,  just as great as the first 2 times!!  Keep up the great work! Best pasta, pizzas and of course the garlic knots with cheese!
Low PricesBig PortionsGood ServiceGREAT FOOD!!We never leave Vegas with out stopping at any of the Village Pubs.They are all Outstanding!!
I've been nice in the past and given this place 3 stars, knowing that I might eat there again.  I don't have that problem anymore.  This place is disgusting.  Much better sushi at the Harris Teeter next door, and I'm not even sure if the chicken in the "habachi" was actually chicken.I've been to half priced sushi on Monday's and Tuesday's that were pretty bad, but I just blamed it on old sushi.  For me to come in on a Saturday lunch and get pale (not torro) looking tuna is just not acceptable.  With the sushi lunch, you get 5 pieces of sushi and tuna rolls.  The tuna in both was barely edible.  3 of the 5 pieces of fish were fishy mackerel or yellowtail.  Just stuff they were trying to get rid of.  The one piece of salmon I got wasn't half bad.My date ordered the teriyaki chicken lunch.  This wasn't chicken.  It was weird, pale, and kind of gelatinous.  The teriyaki sauce was mostly high fructose corn syrup.  Even my dog looked at me kind of funny when we tried to feed it to her.  Yes, thats where the food went.Even the little fried pieces of wonton with duck sauce were stale.  These guys need to figure out if they are a Chinese place, a sushi place, or a Japanese place and just do one thing right.  I'm kind of surprised with the rating and that they are even still in business.
i came here friday night after a mediocre experience at LAX. there was a line and i was kind of irritated because it took me so long to get over there, but the girl at the door immediately approached my friend and i and let us in for free.. score! i found the boyfriend and the rest of my drunk crew and was pleased to find a dance floor with enough space to move around. the DJ was pretty good, unfortunately i didn't buy any drinks because i was broke and had a flight leaving in a few hours that i absolutely could NOT miss. i did however, get a shot poured down my throat by the hot gogo dancer! let's talk about this. i'm a dancer and thus i watch gogo dancers. these girls are actually hot [seeing as how the ones in SF are.... not most of the time. haha] and all have their own style of dancing, but bottom line is they're workin' it and make the environment fun.
I went here the other night because I wanted to try their dessert. It looked delicious! I spent hours looking at the menu items at their other location. It appears the Sahara location will have other menu options which is odd since they are owned by the same owner, but it may that they have different nightly specials. I really liked the quail egg sushi. It is a raw egg, but it tastes sunny side up egg which is perfect since I love egg yolk! I have heard that this place has horrible sushi, but it wasn't bad at all. I did not like their special of the day which was negotori (I'm not sure if that's correctly). When we looked it up, it said it was fatty tuna. When it did arrive, it was not solid and the rice tasted heavily of sesame oil. They did have white tuna, I do love that they also have a other options like their steak, surf and turf, spicy pork. I usually like to order a ton of appetizers and non sushi. Their tempera batter was okay. It wasn't as crispy and crunchy as I would have liked. It was the same thing with the calamari.  I did not like the green tea tiramisu. It was very very wet. I do not like that you are only allowed to order one dessert per person.
Food was good but I wouldn't say out of this world.  Had the shrimp cocktail, crab legs and each ordered a rib eye with a side.  Got a bottle of wine also and desert.  Bill came to over 300 dollars.  Food was good but hard to justify that kind of money.  Had a steak that was just as delicious at Texas Roadhouse for what we tipped the waiter.  One and done for us.  With this place, you pay for status I guess.
It is OK. Nothing great and nothing horrible. Service lacks a bit. Food is so so. Go once try it if you like it go again. f you don't like it don't go back. I say it is so so..Wife and daughter like it more than I do.
I wanted Mexican food. I've been on a Mexican food kick. Nevermind that I had Rosa's on Friday. I wanted Mexican food on a new day - Saturday.A good girlfriend of mine suggest Blue Adobe. It's close to your house, she said. I gave a mental shrug and thought, "why not?"I had passed Blue Adobe many times on my way to the Mesa Arts Center and had always meant to try it. But each time I passed, it always looked closed. The dark windows they have are very deceptive my friend, very deceptive. Plus, the lack of cars in the parking lot always made me think they were closed, too!So I pulled up. Then I saw the cars parked *behind* the building. OH!Walked in and thought it was decorated quite tastefully, although their chairs leave a bit more to be desired.Chips and salsa were good, I'll give them that. Service was good, too. I think it helped that my friend had been there several times. When she arrived, the server's eyes perked up - I kid you not! He clearly had seen her in there before.I looked over the menu and realized it's NEW Mexican cuisine. Sorry, I'm not a fan of New Mexico food. When I want Mexican, I want MEXICAN. Don't give me Tex-Mex or New Mex shit.So...strike one for them.My friend got the beef lettuce wraps. She raved about how fabulous they were. I kept looking at her lettuce thinking, "It's freaking iceberg lettuce. How can you be happy with that?"I ended up getting their salmon, lettuce and tomato sandwich...it came with fries. The dish was aight for me, but it didn't make me want to do my little happy dance. The bacon was nice. The salmon was nice...and their bread for it was a bit like a ... pita? I didn't pay attention to the bread, thinking it would be a regular ole type of sandwich bread. Nerp. Toast has more substance.The bonus about the fries? They were unsalted.I read all the laudatory reviews - best new cafe in 2007, blah blah blah. Culinary delight to the senses...yada yada yada.I can sum it up with one letter in quick succession: ZZzzzzZzzzzI'll give this place another shot some other time, but for now I'm gonna leave it be.If you like New Mexican cuisine, this is the place fer ya. If you want down home plain ole Mexican food, stick to Rosa's (which is what I will do). And hell, should I ever decide I can't hold out on a Sunday for Mexican food because Rosa's is closed, I'll go to Rosita's. Yea, their lack of windows still has great issues for me, but I will take their food any day over Blue Adobe.
i stopped to have dinner tonight and was pleasantly surprised at how great the food and service was.  danielle was a very knowledgeable bartender.  I had the mussels- prob the best I've had, perfect combination of baby heirloom tomatoes and sliced garlic with broth.  i also had the tapas market special which was halibut- again- YUMMY.  I look forward to returning next time to try out the happy hour special at 8pm
okay korean bbq. not enough options on their menu. I can cook my own meat. they cook for you but I can do it on my own. just bring my meat to me
We first stopped into Le Petit Moulinsart for an afternoon beer after wandering.  Sitting out in their little back courtyard is a very nice way to spend the heat of the afternoon.  Especially with a good beer, which they certainly have plenty of.  We came back a few days later for dinner.  Hearing about the mussels and how it is their thing, sounded like a good idea.  And it was mostly.  We decided to get the petite portion but of two different preparations, Moules Picaros and Belle Epoque.  The Picaros was a big disappointment.  In now shape or form where they spicy and I didn't see any tomatoes, so I think we got the wrong thing.  The mussels were fine, just a bit flavorless.  But the Belle Eqoque were very good.  Very complex and lovely.  so hard to understand the complete miss with the other preparation.  Frites are good as well as the salad that came with our two versions.We tried the poached pear for dessert.  Very odd.  Not like any poached pear I've ever had and covered in chocolate.  The chocolate was good, but the pear was a bit undervalued in this dish when it should sing.  Service was good.  The beer is good.  Basically 3 stars or maybe 3.5 mainly because of the the odd things with the picaros and the pear.  I would probably go back for a beer, but probably not for dinner.
This was my second visit to Holder, but my first review.  The temp outside was a wonderful 18 degrees as we strolled from our hotel to the restaurant only a block up the street (thank goodness).  The dining room was warm and inviting as we hung our parkas in the coat room.  There is a good variety of banket, center table and bar seating.  There are wonderful copper accents in the room and the lighting is an interesting pattern of iridescent glass and metal. My choices from the menu were simple and rustic which fit my desire for comfort food due to the cold weather.   I started with a Grey Goose dirty martini, and my normal 3 olives...the olives were not the usual gigantor ones served locally here in NOVA, these were quite petite and as I bit into my first one off the skewer I realized it was not pitted!  I don't mind, but it helps to know ahead...and let's face it spitting those out in your hand isn't too graceful in public.  But the bartender did my drink justice...dry and oh so dirty, and the glass was full...yummm.My starter was a vegetable soup with a great beefy tomato broth as the base, nice touch of sage in the background, salted and peppered to perfection.  The veggies were rough chopped including scallions, zucchini, chunks of tomato, petite lima beans and julienne mushrooms. The steaming bowl was topped with fresh shaved parmesean.Main course consisted of beef cheeks (no, not the ones you sit on silly) bourguignon style.  This is classic French cooking...this method slowly simmers the beef in wine which tenderizes cuts of meat that would have been too tough to cook any other way.  The flavor of carrots, garlic and onions came shining through in the wonderful sauce that draped over the mashed potatoes like a velvet sheath.  Simply paired with the beef and mashers were haricovert....green beans folks!  I tried to figure out if the chef had actually used a burgundy, as the rich sauce could have been done with a good cabernet instead.All in all the meal was everything I wanted that evening and since I'm headed to Montreal on a regular basis I will probably go again.  The nice thing here is that the staff instantly recognizes us Americans and quickly opts out your French menu for one in English....Merci!
I decided to give Gandhi a try very early (5pm early bird special) on a Sunday night and thought it was pretty great. They had just opened for dinner so it was fairly empty, but I've passed by several times and seen it full. The food was excellent. I had a veggie curry which tasted so fresh and spicy. My partner had duck tikka masala and although I am not a fan of duck, I tried the sauce and was excellent as well. Read the reviews below about service issues, but didn't experience that at all. We had him all to ourselves though, so next time I go and it's busy I might update this. From the first experience the service was very friendly.I highly recommend trying a special curry... amazingly good!
Decent Buffet for the price. I've been here a couple times for lunch and dinner. The variety is nice and the dessert section is great. I loved that they had pozole and bbq ribs. Once in a while they will have some deals like half off or by one get one free. The decor is really nice, newer spot and since its way off the strip not that busy. The service is good too, quick for refills and additional napkins. If you're in Vegas and have a rental, come out here, you will like it. The Silver ton itself is pretty and is right next door to the Bass Pro shop.
Yes, this place is super cool.  Super tiny; but super cool.  Try not to go with a large group or the seating will be awkward.  Their menu is really awesome -- more a lunch-type menu with sandwiches and soups.  If I remember correctly, they had a seafood soup that was only served on Fridays and it was delicious!You can get a really decent meal with smoothie and all for around $10.  Their servers are cool and the decor is so very Montreal.
Mi casa es la casa de las enchiladas! YUMMALICIOUS!  After reading Julia S, Chad E and Faith D's thumbs up reviews, I knew I was on my way.  I went with one of my friends and we ordered a plate of four enchiladas and some flank steak thrown on for good measure!  I don't know which one was my favorite, all I know is that I could not cram it down my mouth fast enough, it was delicious. I guess if I had to choose, the mole and the verde were my favorite.   I might want to go back very soon.Any restaurant that I walk in and I am the only honky, hot salsa, fresh jalapenos and servers that barely speak English.  Dude, I'm there.  Oh, wait, also coke in the bottle. Yay!!Disclaimer, some servers speak English, just ours didn't.  Fun visit.Disclaimer Part Deux: The restaurant formally known as La Casa de la Enchilada is now Three Amigos. Same location and same great food!!!
This is an awesome French Restaurant. If you're on the fence and wondering if you should eat here, stop thinking and do it. I started with fish broth soup that was served with my favorite sauce in the world - Rouille!  Smear some on the crusty bread and float it in the soup and you'll wonder how you're parents could be so cruel as to not give it to you in bottle form. Wife also had a delicious blue cheese soufflé salad. The next course was another favorite, Cassoulet. So good! Again, So Good! This is French food done right. Yes, I love this little restaurant.
My buddy and gave Hanny's a try before last night's Suns game -- it was hit and miss for this establishment.  I expected more from the same guy who brought us the venerable AZ88.What I liked:$5 martinis and a robust wine list made for a nice pre-game watering hole for non-beer drinkers like myself.  The glasses are smaller than those at AZ88, but just as filled to the brim and at less than half the price.The food was OK.  I ordered the chopped salad, but was surprised to discover that it wasn't really "chopped." Large chunks of red-leaf lettuce accompanied by cherry tomatoes, chopped onions, and a few other ingredients.  It could have been larger and more complex.The prices are fantastic. Brad ordered the roast beef sandwich for around $9, which came on fresh focaccia bread and was stacked with bacon and a fried egg.  He said that it was OK, but could have benefited by some more flavor -- perhaps a nice sauce.  My chopped salad was around $8, so also a healthy bargain.What I did not like:The service.  Our server admitted to forgetting to place our appetizer order (the bruschetta), so our entrees arrived first.  When she realized her mistake, she apologized and said that the bruschetta will "be right out." However, she still charged us for it.  Not good.The atmosphere.  Sterile and cold, with a monochromatic color scheme and too many clean lines.  It reminded me of a hotel bar in Manhattan, with minimalist intentions taken to the extreme.  There was nothing warm or inviting about Hanny's, and it's not the type of place I would have stopped in had I been simply walking through the neighborhood.  All in all a nice option for a pre-game drink or snack, but not the type of place I'd make my destination on a Saturday night.  A decent addition to the downtown neighborhood, but lacking the vibrance of a place where someone would be happy to call his or herself a regular.
My dad and I were very impressed with the new Milo's in Urbana.  They got us in on a Friday night without reservations, and even though it got really busy as the night progressed, our waiter never hinted at needing the table, etc.  He was very friendly, knowledgeable, and there without being overbearing.  He was prompt with beverage refills as well, and had someone check in on our table when he was on break.We shared a crabcake appetizer, which was absolutely delicious.  They came out still quite hot, and the outside was very crisp while maintaining a softer inside.  The aioli on the side was great, and the plating very nice.  We both had the salmon with winter vegetable puree for dinner.  My dad and I are both seafood snobs, and the salmon was actually better than what we got on the east coast in October of last year.It is a little pricey, but the ambiance, friendly staff and excellent food make up for it.  That being said... I go there when the parents are treating, not when I have to pay for myself.
Ate here today and just loved it! This was our 3rd visit here and I'm always impressed at how busy they are and how well they handle the customers. Waitress provided great service and had a great personality.  Food was excellent as usual for all Cheesecake Factory restaurants.   I had the corkscrew pasta w/sundried tomatoes and chicken and that was excellent. My husband had the Southwestern Salad which was also excellent with a lot of flavor.  My daughter's chicken picata was cooked perfectly.  We had a party of 10 and everyone left happy.  They have a lot of parking and it's close to the restaurant which is good for families like ours as we don't need to drag the kids very far to eat.
I saw Amy B's review the other day, and decided to check out the Breakfast Joynt, as it is pretty close to where I work. The decor is a little unusual for a breakfast and lunch place- normally these places are, shall we say, kitchen-y and perky- but here, it's a little more like a friendly pub with all the cherry wood, but decorated with paintings rather than roadside kitsch. I ordered the traditional breakfast. My over-easy eggs were a little raw, but the hash-browns were crispy, just as I had ordered them, and flavorful, with a hint of onion. The bacon was thick and delicious, and the pancakes were yummy in spite of a somewhat chewy texture. The coffee was fine, and I appreciated the giant glasses of water. The owners and staff were all very friendly, and when I asked one of them about what was in the pancake batter, she said she would have the chef come to my table. He was a great guy, and admitted that he was disappointed with the texture of the pancakes himself of late, and planned to adjust the recipe. I'm sure I'll be back to try other items on the menu. It's not the Good Egg where you have an overwhelming 4 page menu, but everything on the Breakfast Joynt's menu is a breakfast or lunch classic. They have healthy options as well, such as fruit and yogurt and items made with only egg-whites. Then again, they also have a Monte Cristo and chicken fried steak. Good thing Gold's Gym is right next door...
All is well over at Mr. Mamas. I've passed this place dozens of times for the last year or so, and have always wanted to try it. It never popped into my head though when thinking of a place to eat. But, finally, when craving breakfast food last week, I remembered and stopped by. Still on my mission to find the best chicken fried steak in Las Vegas, I closed my menu as soon as I saw it on there. Easy choice. Upon ordering, the waitress asked me to try the homemade gravy sauce that was to be smothered on my CFS before I ordered it. She informed me that their gravy in particular contained a little but of honey and wanted to make sure I would like it before I ate my meal. How very nice ! I did indeed end up liking it, and stuck to my order. As far as the food went, it was pretty good. The sweetness of the gray paired well with the savoryness of the CFS. The batter was good and crispy and thin. The scrambled eggs were cooked great. Was it the best CFS I've had in Vegas so far ? Nah, but it'll go to the near top of my list.All in all, I'd go back. I definitely want to try some other things and I can't get enough breakfast foods. Service was also great. My coffee never went below half and all the waitresses had smiles on their faces. See you soon, Mr. Mama.
Homemade taste, restaurant quality. Salsa is one of the best anywhere
Oh Dos Gringos, how doth one review ye?What is Dos Gringos? Honestly I never thought about it until I started this review. I would say first and foremost this is a place to drink, although they don't have any draught beers on tap. But they do have a decent selection of bottled beers. They do have one tap behind the bar but it only spits out margarita mix. And of course, they'll mix you a drink, too.The layout of the place is a little different but it works well. As soon as you enter there is a center bar, a la Cheers. There are couple of SD TV's over the bartenders. The bar is surrounded by various tables. This area is sort of outside, so one can smoke if they like. The area just behind the bar holds more tables, HD TV's, a corn hole court, and of course the mandatory Golden Tee and Buck Hunter. Beyond this area is an inside dining area (no smoking allowed!) and another bar. Don't let this place fool you. The food is really good. Come in during the day and you'll see families who bring in friends from out of town. I often see large parties there around dinner time. I haven't had everything on the menu but I've never been disappointed. You can't go wrong with anything chicken; it is well marinated! And I've heard that they have a Sunday all-you-can-eat brunch.Now for the real review. This place gets packed Thursday night through Sunday night. But the atmosphere is always chill. The makeup is not as diverse as Iguana Macks next door, but there is very little attitude in the place. I always meet someone every time I go. The party is hopping right up until closing time. All of the Dos Gringos have their own atmosphere and their own crowd that they attract. The Greenfield one is more family oriented and an older crowd. The Kyrene is just really sad and pathetic. Tempe is very much a college bar. And Scottsdale is, well, it's Scottsdale. The Chandler site really can't be pigeon holed. It's 20 and 30 somethings out for a drink in a cool atmosphere. And the best part of Dos Gringos Chandler? It's right next to Iguana Macks!
This Johnny Rockets is better than the rest.  Even other Johnny Rockets.  Customer Service went above and beyond what we expected.  The Manager was extremely helpful.  They did nothing wrong, but acted like they did.  We would definitely return.  Food was excellent.  Shakes were great!
Teakwoods is a great place. Decent food, cheap prices, and nice staff. Plus! you have to love the free bucket of peanuts on every table. I often find myself wondering how and why I have eaten so many peanuts, but still continue to crack more and place them into my mouth. Tuesdays are my favorite day because it is wing night. Wings are both cheap and delicious.
Mmmmm....GREASY goodness...I mean dab it with a napkin and it's still covered in grease kinda good slices here! I was craving some pizza and wanted to step out of the big chain places so off to New York Pizza I went. It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night. But I was able to order in no time, just one pepperoni slice....and it was less than $3 so that's a win.The inside is quaint. It's a couple of table and chairs, booths, tvs...nothing fancy.My pizza actually came up pretty quickly and I was out the door in no time! The pizza crust was good, there were plenty of pepperonis, cheese...and of course grease! The sauce had a little kick to it, but it was not overwhelming and I liked it. I agree with Ben G, it's a different "kind" of NY style pizza...but still very tasty! I look forward to trying their wings and fries and subs, when I was waiting for my order someone had ordered the philly cheese and it looked delicious!
Hostesses were horrible and the manager.Hostesses reached over table to pass notes while we were eating and didn't apologize.  Manager came over and excused service saying they were overwhelmed.  I was taught by the age of 4 not to reach over someone's food while they are eating.  No excuse
We drive into Vegas from the CA side several times a year. We always make one of our stops Green Valley. I know that they are now part of the station casinos but this is one of our favorite ones. Very clean, nice decor, not smokey and they have my fave place in the food court, Coffee bean and tea leaf.I love going off strip for buffets because they all serve Pepsi where the strip is strictly coke products. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
They automatically get 5 stars for having Abita beer on tap!!!!  Bruschetta is amazing, and the butternut soup is delicious.  All the food I've had is great, the happy hour is amazing, and I want to live on the patio here.  Highly recommended - organized a large happy hour here and they were right on top of the reservation and the service.
A couple of ways to describe the latest Mexican restaurant on the strip. Overpriced, Just OK food, Crappy Service & not local friendly. To start of, I LOVE me a good Rita but $12+ just ain't happening. "That better be the best Rita in the world with a refill" My girl & I sat at the bar hoping to get faster service than at a table,(nope). The bartender clearly just wanted to talk to her other tender or go home. With prices like what they charge, your service better be top notch.FYI: You may be focusing on the tourist foot traffic crowd but if your locals don't like you..good luck trying to make it in a tough economy.
Stuffy, pretentious and not even close to delicious. Went there for dinner.  Got seated in the dining room as far away from every other customer.  Only to be neglected for 10 mins before seeing a server.  The food came. Mushroom app was disgusting and chewy.  Pasta Sauce was bland.  Wife and I split our meal because we eat small portions.  Server brought bread plates to share with.  Not sure plates get any smaller.  Really?  Maybe dishwasher was on vacation.  Would not recommend this place to unless you really like the smell of stale seafood, because the restaurant smells like the belly of a fishing boat.
After getting a massage (and propositioned by two naked Asian "massage therapists")(Oh no I din't!!!)~just massage my feet please~I headed over here to try the veggie Ramen, and I have to say it was very tasty.Almost as tasty as the intoxicating blonde who took my order.Too bad she wasn't on the dessert menu.All in all, a happy ending for sure.
So much awesome for so little cost. Every time my parents come to town, we eat here nearly every day. Delicious meats, but chorizo burrito "with everything" is my favorite. Also love their fruit drinks - watermelon is unbelievable, strawberry equally lovely. And last but not least, must exclaim the awesomeness of the FREE tomatillo salsa on every table.
I've been to this place a couple of times and now I think I'm ready to review this little Taiwanese deli place. First of all, the people are very friendly here. All the employees here are very polite and very energized to work.  They will get you anything in less than 10 seconds. And that's fast.  Every time I came here I always order their spicy beef noodle soup. It's the best in town!  It's got plenty of flavor in it and the soup is so addictive. I always drink it till the last drop.  The beef  is cooked to perfection, so soft and tender it will just melt in your mouth, and the noodle are perfect chewy texture. 5 starsI've also tried their smoke chicken over rice and that was very yummy also. The place is kinda small but will fit a family of 4 easily, just don't come during lunch time cause then there's no more seats and you'll have to wait!
They market themselves as gourmet burger joint but in all honesty it's a decent burger. It's not a fast food place so it takes about 15-20 min for your order to come out.  It's all made fresh. If there is a convention downstairs at the Sands Convention Center this place does get busy for lunch.  Although it definitely beats the lines in convention floor, which is usually slop served in a trough. No thank you. If you want something fairly quick and decent be sure to try them. Oh and don't forget to try the tater tots.
hands down the best all around buffet on the strip. period.
The bone marrow was soo good and fattening it just melts in ur mouth. I had the famous fried chicken that everyone was raving about but unfortunately, that didnt impress me. the bone marrow was the best dish in the restaurant.  Definitely will come back just for that.
not really used to traditional sushi. very pricey of course since its inside of a casino. the fish was good. the chef were very friendly. I would have to save up if I'm visiting again.
My boyfriend and I randomly chose a breakfast place to grab some food before we hiked up Mount Royal. I decided to come here since I saw that Jennifer K has been here.We settled on splitting a ham and cheese panini and a chocolate croissant. The ham and cheese panini was nothing to rave about. However, the chocolate croissant was awesome! There was just the right amount of fillings and it wasn't overly sweet. The top of the croissant was perfectly crunchy. It was so good, we had to come back here before we left Montreal just to buy two more chocolate croissant.
Went here once after seeing it was close by, love the ladies who run the place and the burgers were amazing. My two friends and I loved ordering exactly what we wanted and the burgers were delicious! Cute shop too.
Too Americanized for my taste.  Limited menu.  Portions are tiny.  Quality of food is a bit above average, but only a little bit.  We must have tried about 10 different dishes and it was disappointing.  It is located pretty far from the strip.  I imagine this kind of food in Beverly Hills or at a restaurant in a mid level casino--again, you know, a bit too Americanized.
Phenomenal food... Nice getaway from the strip... The arepa sandwiches were flavorful and super filling... The yucca fries weren't too shabby either... They also serve sauces with their meals, one spicy and another some sort of cilantro cream sauce, both amazing! Do not leave vegas without a stop here!
Loved this place!!!!!On the other side of the strip with not great parking.  However, they are open late.  The pictures around the dining room look EXACTLY like what you get served!!Service was great!The food was soooo good.  Beware... this is not a diet place!!!!!  Rich fried areas (like papusas) with all sorts of great fillings.The chicharones and yucca were really yummy.  The plantains were INCREDIBLE!!!I really enjoyed the flour "bread" with the beans and cheese.  I liked the sweet corn with mozzarella also.  It was my favorite.The fries are good but I don't think they are hand cut.The sauces were yummy as well.I had never heard of areas before I came to this restaurant and I will definitely look for more in California.Great late night fare!!!
I love their cupcakes.  I had several.  You can buy them at farmer's markets or if you are lucky you can buy a deal of the day in some of the sites that offer them.  I had some from Doozy and Nikki, the owner, was really nice.  I love the chocolate one with jalapeno raspberry jam.  Not sure if she had them anymore.  Also the "apple pie" and red velvet.  When you get one of those deals, she will deliver them to your home.  That is awesome.
Their entrepreneurial kamikazi mission was successful.The plan of no website, no advertising whatsoever, an unpronouncable and unspellable name and a rude bunch of punks running the place succeeded as expected.Out of business.Why would someone spend money opening a place and then seemingly intentionally drive it out of business?
Fern is the kind of restaurant, where after finishing your meal, will say "that was great"-- but may not necessarily crave an item enough to put the restaurant on regular lunch/dinner rotation.I've been here a few times, and each time, service was good, and the ambiance is nice with super rustic slab wood tables, custom-made fern-filled felt wall art, and artichoke salt and pepper shakers. For appetizers, the squash blossoms *are* as good as everyone says.  Creamy insides, crisp outsides. Very flavorful, despite the perception vegan cheese is bland.  But since they're out of season, they'll have an alternative appetizer.  Today it was potato croquettes (sweet potato and purple potato) dipped in pesto.  These were nice, though something slightly amiss.  Perhaps, too creamy inside? Nonetheless they were piping hot and fresh from the fryer. We also had the soup starter featuring yellow peas (I believe...) and butternut squash.  Nice, not overly salty, had sweet flavor from onions and squash.  Only served with a piece of toasted bread the size of a postage stamp.  Because the soup isn't a hearty, creamy soup, it would have been nice to have a larger piece of crusty bread to dip. This Indian fry bread appetizer is of the Native American kind of fry bread, not Indian from India.  Topped with a bean chili-type mixture, tomato and cheese, it's like an all-natural puffy taco.  My only criticism, which was shared by another woman I sat across the room from, the fry bread is a bit tough.  It's hard to cut and very chewy. Flavors are good. The popular Om Burger was indeed good. It was mostly because the bun was nicely toasted, the burger itself was meaty in texture, and the goat cheese a nice add-on.  Quinoa salad is a nice accompanying side.  I still like the veggie burger over at 131 Main better (I've had it about 6 times...beet and brown rice based with teriyaki glaze and havarti cheese.)The Buddah Bowl changes, and I've had it two different times.  Both times, the veggie selection is nice, the vegan sauce/veggie sauce to accompany is good too, but could use a kick.  I mean, like Nicole W. mentioned, it needs spice of some kind.Pot Pie: Mushroom cream sauce and large chunks of summer squash, a few pieces of carrot, and chickpeas.  I really liked the flavor of this dish hot. Thick, creamy, and again, super hot. But the veggies really varied in doneness.  The carrots were kind of hard...some yellow squash was medium hard...some zucchini was well cooked, as were the mushrooms.  When I think pot pie, I also would like a real puff pastry or any kind of "top".  Instead, it comes with a croissant.  Not the buttery, flaky make-a-mess-on-your-lap kind, but a hybrid 30% real croissant, and 70% Pilsbury Crescent Roll.  It's more bread than a croissant.  (Look at how in-depth I'm going into the scientifics of this carbohydrate product.) It was good at sopping up the sauce, and got the job done.  Just not what I expected. I also wondered why the vegetables in the pot pie weren't in season, and why they were so  ununiform in size. I had giant chunks of carrots...but small chickpeas, slivers of SUMMER squash.  I think that does it for now.  Overall, it was good.  I felt good after I ate here, and would take my friends, veggie or not.  I did head a couple diners complain to their server about waiting 40 minutes for their main entrees to arrive...and I did overhead some other diners being just so-so satisfied with their meals.  If Fern amped up the flavor just a bit, and made some minor improvements, this restaurant would be a knock out.
I've been to this place 4 times now and I still cant put my finger on why its just average. It could be the Very Average service we recieve, or the mediocre food I seem to gravitate to. Pro's: Great location, beautiful decor, tons of people watching. (my favorite) Happy hour menu is ok, however it stops at 6, so hopefully you get off work prior to 5pm because if not, you'll need to be double fisted to get your buzz. If you do arrive before 5pm the menu has tons of good options to drink and eat. The brunch menu on Sunday is nice also. Con's: Service always seems to be a little off. Not sure why but every server I've ever had has been MIA most of the time. Always looking for another refill of water, where's my drink alot and can we get the check since we've been sitting here with empty plates and glasses for the pass 30 minutes. In the end I always leave a little dissapointed and enter anxious that this time it will be different.
Great atmosphere! The lighting and music really contribute to a hip, big city feel. Indoor and patio seating. Full bar and wine list. Pizza is amazing, no cutting corners, these are quality pies! Unique creations to live up to the Miami name. If you like spicy, try the Cuban Pulled Pork Pizza, very tasty. There are also paninis, salads and desserts on the menu. Definitely should be on everyones "must try" list for downtown Phoenix. The Roosevelt light rail stop is a little north of this amazing venue.
Not very good at all. 20 minutes wait for couple tasteless tacos and enchiladas. What the waste of time and money.
I wish I could give a 4.5 stars but I cant . I am missing the half star and really its not even a half (it's less than that) because the music would got loud, really loud, a few times it did that but they did turn it down for good as we were finishing our lunch. And the street parking stinks although we got lucky.On with my review...after walking around the zoo me and the hubby had worked up quite the appetite and after a short deliberation chose Industry. I am very glad we did! Yummy! We found a parking spot on the street a few doors down from the restaurant (it is street parking here). We stepped out of the car and were instantly greeted with the wonderful aromas of grilled burgers and tastiness. Oh, did it smell delightful! We stepped into Industry and were greeted by a friendly hostess who promptly sat us. I found the atmosphere very inviting and lofty. I am a sucker for wood floors, tables, and bars with beautiful, brick walls and exposed duct work. I told the hubby if we ever are lucky enough to have a bar in our house I want it to look their smaller one. It was gorgeous wood with the wall behind it a rusted metal, wow! They also had their windows open yet it was very comfortable in the dining room and the road noise was not an issue at all.Now the food...we were waited on immediately by our wonderful waiter who got us water right away. We looked at the menu and made our choices. I picked the Model "T'urkey sandwich. It was a huge, thick, slab o' turkey on bread with lettuce, tomato, Guyere cheese, & garlic aioli. The turkey was succulent and delicious. I also got the pot roast fries minus the onion straws. The fries did not need them. The pot roast was juicy and the gravy, oh my goodness! I would go back just for the fries. The hubby chose the Farmed Out burgher minus the cheddar and minus the BBQ sauce. He thought the burger was done to his standards :) and said he'd go back for it. He got the regular fresh cut fries. He liked those too. Oh, how did I forget...the bacon they had on both of the sandwiches, need I say more than Bacon. And how could we go there and not try a drink. I got a whiskey sour with their house Bourbon whiskey. It was very good.  The hubby chose their copper ale. He liked it a lot. It was fresh and light. We enjoyed our stop at Industry and will visit again!
As much as I enjoyed the food, it was just extremely expensive! My husband and I ordered the breakfast sandwich & quiche Loraine & a few other goodies and our total was so high! Don't get me wrong, the food we ordered was delicious! But I don't think I would pay that much again. Also, I got the 8-piece Macaron box. They were small & pricey as well. I've had better to be honest.
After reading all the glowing 4 & 5-Star Reviews for this place I WAS DISAPPOINTED with the actual experience of dining here!  I ordered an Asada Taco, which brought a itsy bitsy little 2-bite street taco made with 2 soft corn tortillas maybe 3" in diameter for $1.85, & a little Pastor Burro (1/3 lb?) for $4.60...  $7 out the door!This was a snack, not a meal...  comparable to 3 items I would get at Jack in the Box for ONE DOLLAR with one of their regularly provided coupons.  On top of that, I had to wait in line to order and then again to pay after eating!  Who ever heard of paying AFTER YOU EAT at a fast food or fast casual restaurant?  It was weird.  Also, the placement of the salsa table is poor, such that it's difficult for more than 2 people to use it at once.Yes, the food tasted good, and the meat in my taco & burro was fancier than what you get at Jack's, but the value here was nowhere near that of Tacos Atoyac, Los Reyes de la Torta, or Tortas Paquime, to name just 3 places where your $7 is much better spent on great food that you won't have to follow with eating again soon after you get home, as I need to do right now!     :-|
The menu here is pretty sophisticated for such a casual place (which I love - great food that you don't need to dress up to eat). The people-watching is beyond compare, what an awesome neighborhood. We were told by a Canadian BFF that portugese chicken in Montreal was a must, so can't comment on the taste of the rest of the interesting menu (lots of fish). I had the daily special (quarter chicken mild, fries, salad, Stella Artois IPA for $10.49). DH had the half chicken medium with fries and rice, and a coke. Service was great, friendly (and cute! sorry DH). We waited a bit for the chicken, apparently a shift change inside between lunch and dinner. Really the wait was not terrible, but we got an apology. The chicken was really good - grilled with crisp skin but not charred, tender inside and very flavorful from whatever spice/herb mix they used to marinate/baste. They used a red sauce to add heat, and I found a taste of the medium was pretty hot (and hot enough for DH). They offer hot and "fuego" for those who like spicier. The flavor of the sauce was a little like buffalo wing sauce, but it was thicker and spread on top, not doused. The rice was the parboiled style (typical latino restaurant type) and pretty bland, but good against the hot sauce and vinegar from the dressing. The salad was romaine, super-thin sliced red onion (maybe pickled) and olives, with a pleasant vinaigrette. And there was just the right amount, more than a garnish, but not the type that seems to grow in amount as you eat it. I loved the fries, but it would depend on your taste - they were seasoned really well, as to size not shoestring (frites) but thinner than steak fries, and fried crispy but still very moist on the inside. I like that style a lot (pretty greasy), so ymmv. They might have offered ketchup or mayo for the fries, but we didn't need it enough to ask. Server spoke fluent french (as far as I could tell) and english (for sure!). Have no fear if your french is terrible or nonexistent! And seriously, the neighborhood and foot traffic is really chill and interesting. Curbside parking is available on the side streets, or small pay lot around the corner.
Complete rip off. Paid $110 for 2 to eat a dinner that seemed like it was cooked at Denny's. Do not go here
If I were cruel, I would say that the pizza crust is orgasmic and just end the review here.  But, I'm feeling generous so...  go here.  Today.  They had a great beer list as well as homemade wine coolers.  I had the blueberry hibiscus and it a perfect concoction.  The margherita pizza was delicious.  They were not stingy with the cheese or the basil.  My husband had the sweet potato and ricotta pizza.  He quite enjoyed it and considering he's not the biggest pizza fan, that's kind of a big deal.  We shared the 'Lil Triple for dessert and it was wonderful as well.  Oreo crust, chocolate creme and toasted marshmallow...  Service was a teensy bit slow but to be fair, they were quite busy.  It was a beautiful day outside but we opted to sit inside as the patio was quite loud since it's on the street.  I realized shortly after being seated that this must be the brainchild of the same folks who run Windsor and I was correct.  (I think the gum wrappers in the sugar containers may have given it away.)  Can't wait to go back!
Friendly Staff.  Just expanded to the suite next door so now it is twice as big.  Still only about 15 tables.  Enjoy going there and doing take out as well.  I seem to order the Seafood Pad Thai almost all the time.  I have never been disappointed.  My wife loves the soups.  Good food at great prices.  Quality is consistant as the service.
My wife and I were there over the weekend and had a great experience.  The waitstaff was nice and attentive. Our waitress helped my wife pick out a drink that she had never tried (cherry whisky lemonade) and she loved it as well as theTruffle Oil Parmessan fries. I had the American burger and it was a really big burger.
Best meal we had on a recent trip to Vegas that included some pretty decent places.  Made a reservation the morning of, and when we arrived found a private "VIP" booth ready for us, with a set of customized chopsticks on each plate with our names on them!  Vegas is the place for gimmicks but the meal backed up this personal touch.  Had several great "fusion" appetizers, and lots of Nigiri sushi that was very good (4.5 star level).  Wine list was iPad based and decent but not overwhelming.  Service was very attentive and our server was clearly well schooled in "foodie speak" to make sure we got as much information as possible on the menu items.  Well worth a trip to the Wynn if you are not staying there (we did not on this trip but plan to in the future).  Price is on the high end, even for Vegas so be prepared for that!
Oh, no...Chef Mina, why did you remove your delicious Lobster Corn Dogs from your menu? We returned for lunch with high hopes of once again dining on some Lobster Corn Dogs, great Black Angus burgers and knocking back a couple of cold brews.  Instead, we found that the Lobster Rolls have been replaced by Lobster Fritters.Our "crack" service team, Juan and Miguel, assured us that the fritters were a nice change to the menu, popular, and tasted really good. But, we weren't the only ones who asked for the corn dogs. Our slight disappointment quickly changed as we sloshed down our Kronenbourg beers and dug into our perfectly cooked, hand patted, hand crafted 1/2 pound burgers. I ordered the 1842 Burger which was a 1/2 pound of juicy beefiness topped with caramelized onions, mushrooms and truffle aioli. My husband chose The Champ that was a behemoth with smoked Gouda, American cheese (NOT your typical Kraft slice), crisp thick strips of Applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce and special sauce. Both burgers were served between toasted brioche buns in a seemingly bottomless basket of BBQ French fries.  We enjoyed our return dine as it confirmed the versatility or range of Chef Mina's talent.  He is able to take a simple comfort food like hamburger and transform it into a gastropub delight. Pub 1842 is a comfortable dining atmosphere complete with a full bar, a wide selection of global beers on tap and in bottles and multiple flat-screen televisions tuned into various sports events.
Ok....my husband and I gave up on sushi places in Las Vegas over 6 months ago since we always left disappointed ( go figure...a San Diego and Hawaii Native, we're bound to be critical). I know it's a desert but c'mon, you can still get fresh stuff daily. ANYWAY... This place is absolutely amazing! Found it through a groupon!My husband got the Kamikaze Roll and Crunchy Roll and thought they were excellent!!!!I got their "modern style" sashimi (tuna with garlic chips, yellowtail with micro fries, salmon with truffle oil, Ono wrapped crab, albacore Cajun with wakame, and surf and turf steak and crab). The yellowtail, Ono, and tuna my favorites!!!! The salmon being the least favorite.Also had soft shell crab, very good as well!We even got a gift card for next time when leaving! Wow!Conclusion - excellent service, food, and environment!!!!! Even though we live on the east side, we're going back! A must go!
Finally this place is open again! I missed them when their Jones location closed down.First, I have to say, they have some of the best macaroni salad I've ever had, ever, anywhere, period. It tastes extra delicious with a dash of siriacha sauce. I could order a side and finish it all to myself. Their kimchi fried rice is my favorite. At their new location, they don't list all the different types of rice anymore, so if you don't see it listed, definitely ask for it anyway.All their meats are crispy and come in large portions. Perfectly cooked, tender, and tasty. Overall, it's a great place to catch a quick bite that is 100% better than the average fast food. Oh, but come during a less busy hour, because food here always takes awhile to get to you.
Dont waste your time. Party of 3 on 6/1/2014 1030am. Parking $2.25 the payment machine was BROKEN dont STRESS the exit pay machine also takes credit cards. The only reason this is a 2 star and not a 1 is due to the fact that the front desk hostess young girl was on point. * AVOCADO Omelet - TERRIBLE! Why? The Avocados hard as a rock. The Asian male Supervisor stopped by our table asked hows the food? I said taste the rock hard avocado.  He said no thanks are you finished? As he laughed and smiled. My Thai wife was stunned. * Tap Water is nasty - Chlorine - Asked for 1 water for some reason 2 waters arrived at our table. Hey LAKE MEAD is almost empty slow down on the water wasting MTO waitress. * Chicken and Waffles - nothing special. Best thing on the plate? Fries!  Here comes the bill aka check... Strange the 4 inch $ 11.00 AVOCADO Omelet still on the bill. I was stunned it wasnt removed by the Supervisor...I didnt want to wait for them to go thru the drama of removing the item so I just left a note on the TIP LINE.... SEE YELP!My wife was crushed she was hoping this place was going to be dreamy. Not a Kitchen Nightmare....  We will never go back...Waste of  time and money.  Parking drama... I approve this message J K KUHL...
We were planning to have a very late breakfast at Rise and Shine almost next door, but it was very busy with a long wait.  We were hungry and everyone said okay to trying Italian food instead.  Our table had:Pasta with an alfredo and vegetablesManicottiItalian sandwichcan't remember the 4th dish.Let's just say that the Manicotti was wonderful.  Hand made pasta and the cheese/spinach stuffing was great with their meat sauce.The Italian sandwich was just what we had been looking for around town.  Everywhere we went we were  disappointed, but here it is fabulous.  The flavor explodes in your mouth.  We will be back even though it is not close to our home.  A 20 minute drive.The alfredo pasta with vegetables was also given a high thumbs up from my friend.  We all ate our leftovers that night because they were so good.  Yey :)
Wish I could give them 0 star reason being we walked in and sat for 15 min for a table the workers saw us walk in but did not even approach us ...... We approached the waiter after they sat a couple that came after us and we were sitting for 15 min
The best Sandwich(es) ever..... . This is a rare Vegetarian's Paradise as well. After settling for lettuce, spinach, bell peppers and tomatoes on a roll with deli mustard or a not so nice tasting "veggie burger" countless times in this century- here comes Ike's to save the day and keep Veggie and Vegan hope alive, well and coming back for more. At the grand opening party on Friday 4/18, their amazing employee Rachel asked for my preference and had the #61 called the " Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian" specially prepared for me. First bite and I was hooked: Grilled Mushrooms,Marinated Arichoke Hearts, Pesto and Provolone on their delicious Dutch Crunch Bread. I have been back 4 times since and also ordered  #73, the " Lynda Carter" with Breaded Eggplant, French Dressing, Avocado and Gouda on that very same Dutch Crunch bread - wow! just crazy good. Next on my list is #70 " Meatless Mike" and my fantastic journey through the100 different veggie sandwiches. Love the awesome, fresh and hot sandwiches, love the atmosphere and vibe and especially love the energy and attitude of all of their employees. Customer for life here who is bringing 12 of his dear friends to this gem this weekend. Thanks Ike
Amazing restaurant in the SLS. Loved the crispy rice spicy tuna and the baked lobster roll. Sushi chef was great and service was good.
1st time here and let me say not impressed with the service and food! Right when we walked in we waited awhile before someone finally greeted us, and all we can stare at are her hickied covered neck! Lol. So professional. We sat down and waited, and noticed the bartender(?) put cups over her ear/hair while talking to her co workers and then put them back on the shelf! (Where are the managers?!) seems like teenagers running the place.I ordered the "jumbo" shredded chicken burrito, and let me say you can get so much more for 7 bucks at chipotle and taste way better. My burrito taste way to salty, no flavor whatsoever! Just go to Taco Bell and get a soft taco you'll get the same product taste for a cheaper price."Welcome to your new addiction" No thanks I'll pass and stick to chipotle with good service and food!
