I've travel 52 weeks per year. I grew up in Pittsburgh, lived in Chicago for 5 years came back this year.  Been to Italy, New York...Fiori's is the best.  Sauce is great, cheese is great, service is always friendly and entertaining.  I have been going here for 20 years.

After driving by everyday for months I finally stopped in for a sub and was completely unimpressed. Even though the shop was nearly empty, the staff was indifferent and they forgot what I ordered multiple times.The chicken parm sub I ordered was a hot bland mess. Instead of crispy breaded chicken inside, it had plain unseasoned chicken slices which was covered in cheese and a sauce one step away from ketchup. To top it all off the sub was microwaved, which made the inside insanely hot and turned to bread to rubber.Maybe their regulars subs are better, but the next time I spend $10 on a sub and soda, it definitely won't be here.

The atmosphere, perfectly reasonable. Location is convenient, especially if you're catching a flick nearby. The food here is about what you'd expect: Not stellar, but not horrible either. It's on the pricey side, but you probably know that already. It takes money to keep the engine running.What is really bad is the service. Well, that's not entirely true. The service is actually friendly - very much so, in fact. They greet you, and seat you fairly promptly (at the appropriate times), keep your beverages filled, clear plates, just about everything.But the wait for the food is absolutely ridiculous. Not one of those "where is the food" moments, but about ten of them, back to back, and it's not just when they are busy - even when the place is empty, it takes forever to be served. It could be blamed on the freshness of the food, but we're talking even soup and fairly simple stir fry or chicken dishes, so this isn't rocket science.Or perhaps it is and all those other Chinese places just do it better.

This is where I had the best steak of my life. It is hands down one of the best steak houses in the city, in any city. The service and food is always amazing, which it should be because it will cost you. That is the only down side but you truely get what you pay for at this place and I believe it is worth it everytime.Go and enjoy because you will be speaking about it for days, months, and years... seriously =)

Always good- the pastas are generous and flavorful. The veal dishes are very traditional without being heavy. Cappachio chilled , thin and tasty. I think this is a great place to meet friends or bring out of towners. I have been a fan of Chef Nina and her restaurants for many many years.

Fantastic food, great service, live music, locally owned. This is our favorite spot to dine for sure.

Well, i think i'm one of a hand full of ladies who actually like hooters restaurants.  so my boyfriend took myself and another couple here for my birthday dinner , one of my 4 night stay in vegas (@ treasure island)we also wanted to see there casino.. not that impressed anyway..The food was okay, the service was awful, of all the hooters i've been to this is the worst by far. And you'd think its be the BEST since its in there hotel/casino.. not the case.

I've been coming here for about five years and today was my last day. I sat down and pulled out my e-cigarette as I have been doing for the past three years. I ordered a beer and a menu. I decided on my usual and placed my order. When the server came back, she said I was not allowed to use my e-cigarette in there. As per the owner, "E-cigarettes are no longer allowed but cigarettes and cigars are." When I first started coming here, I was a smoker! The food is great and they have a nice draught selection. I have nothing against smoke or smokers, obviously because this place has tons of smokers who are usuals. I really liked the place too! The low ceilings combined with the chain smokers makes for a vintage Vegas experience that you really can't find much these days.Don't try to apply logic here. It really makes no sense. I honestly think someone could get away with smoking a joint in here because there is that much smoke. Make sure you don't bring your electronic cigarette though, you could fill those with cannabis! The ironic part is that there's a sign out front that says 'smoker friendly.'If the owner banned cigarettes AND e-cigarettes, that would somewhat make sense, but I STILL wouldn't go back. At least he was being consistent.Do not go here to watch Buckeyes games either, they will yell at you for being loud when you are just cheering. I can't speak for Browns games on Sunday though. The local Buckeye bar is now PT's Gold on Rainbow anyway and has been for several years now.Pros: Very smokey, like Jazz pool-hall it has that smokey-blue tinge in the right light.The usuals are all great!The pizza is fantastic!Cons:No electronic cigarettes.

Excellent food at great prices. I hadnt been there in years but found it again this past weekend and the food is still just as good as ever and the portions are just as gigantic as ever. Also one of the few places that still have Stuffed Hot Banana Peppers. If you get the crab balls, order them with the honey mustard dipping sauce.

The Giant Carumba Burrito for $5.95 are you kidding me, this is 3 meals for me. Burrito takes up the entire aluminum tin with lettuce tomatoes and sauce. Even though it is huge still has good taste, I get the beef and it is served wet in the enchilada sauce. Also comes with chips and has a small good salsa bar.You order at the counter and they call your number to pick up the food. If you are looking for a fast inexpensive good quality clean Mexican restaurant, this is it, They do live up to their motto "Where you don't PESO much!"For the money you spend and the food you get it is a 5 star, but 5 star is an over the top restaurant for me.Use to go to the one in Glendale, but with work have been coming for lunch to the one on Bell Road. Same good service and food

Premium food mixed with daily drink specials. Definitely a place to check out.

My absolute favorite place for breakfast.  Unless you are in a large group there is never more then a 10 minute wait, even on Sunday morning when the place appears to be packed.Friendly service, and the pumpkin bread is to die for. There have been times I was tempted to stop in just to buy a piece of the pumpkin bread to go. The omelets are huge, consider sharing if you aren't a heavy eater. Never had anything other then breakfast so not sure how the lunch food is.

The food here is awesome...like, seriously awesome. I've tried several of the dishes and haven't had a bad meal yet.  Also awesome: the wait staff. I find that here in Las Vegas its hard to find good service (which is odd because I would have thought the opposite) so I love coming here to dine in because its always a very pleasant experience. Ask for Anthony or Don they are both fantastic and friendly servers. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because their dining rooms are extremely crowded when busy and it feels very claustrophobic in those situations. It won't stop me from going back though!

I didn't know there was so many different  cheeses to put on my Philly cheese steaks, he asked me what kind of cheese I wanted I was lost I said "Philly cheese" lol but on the real I love this place. the corner location scares me with so much speeding traffic i always think about a car or truck crashing into people trying to enjoy this place be safe...

Medium rare ordered....well done received. Disappointing for a $50 plus steak.  I don't send food back to the kitchen, it frightens me. Slice of pizza will be ordered in a bit.

A great steakhouse amongst the excess of options that Vegas provides. We arrived at 7 on a Thursday and had reservations, though the place was not busy enough to require them. I ordered the filet mignon, medium, and my wife ordered the prime rib, also medium. Both were cooked perfectly, and the quality of the meat was extremely high.For sides we had the yukon gold puree, very tasty, and green beans, also very tasty. They have a great drink selection, some nice house cocktails (I had the Fire and Ice I believe it was called, a fun mix of cucumber and jalapenos), and the service was great.The only downside was the location/atmosphere. The entrance is directly from the casino floor, which I tend to like the restaurants set back more from the crowds, but once we were in the restaurant our table was seated far back inside, and it was nice and quiet.Overall, a great place to eat for a nice meal with amazing steaks. Would definitely go back

I am a prime beef steakhouse lover! I consider myself an expert in the craft. I have had them all. Flemings, Mortons, Donovans, Ruth Chris ehhh. None compare to Del Friscos! The portions are huge and tasty! The quality of the beef and the atmosphere are second to none! Whenever I stay at the Hard Rock, I make it a point to dine here?By far the best service!

We went to Roy's on the advice of a friend and were impressed! The Kobe beef sushi appetizer was "melt-in-your-mouth" amazing and the Mai Tais were yummy!   Hard to believe that this is a chain!  The cuisine was not "vanilla" and service was outstanding!

My friend and I stopped here for breakfast.  We were seated immediately, and the waitress was very nice and prompt with coffee refills.  They have a huge range of options for breakfast, and almost everything is made there, not boxed or frozen, which is always a plus.  I had the Chicken Apple Compote Waffle, and the waffle and honey butter was amazing.  I'd probably go back to this place for the delicious looking, fluffy pankcakes or some homemade pie.

Nothing out of this world... 1/2 of our 10 piece meal was pretty burnt and undersized. The other half of our order was cooked properly and we enjoyed it.However, the cashier was very unprofessional during our visit and spoke to me and other customers as if he was hanging out with his buddies, rather than serving paying customers.

Pancake Cafe holds a special place in my heart, I've been here several times and tried the famous apple pancake, bacon pancakes, pumpkin pancakes, and lately I've been really in love with their crepes.  They also have delicious thick cut bacon. I'm surprised people don't like the pumpkin pancakes because my boyfriend is crazy about them and gets them every time. Speaking of my boyfriend, we went here on our first date.  To the Yelp-er who said that this is where people take their one night stands... almost fell off my chair laughing at that one.  We went back for our 1 year anniversary, we'll be back for number 2.  :)My one caution is that yes, it is as ridiculously crowded as everyone says it is, so be prepared to wait or go on an week day.

Fun spot for cocktails and a light meal.  Interesting scene.

I really really don't get the hype over Nobu. Yeah, the decor is beautiful, the presentation of the food is great, it's always filled with fun people and it's in the Hard Rock Hotel (one of my favorite hotels in Vegas)...BUUUUUUUUUUUT the food is waaay overrated. I'm Japanese so I think I have a pretty good idea of what good Japanese food is. This wasn't it. Sorry.

Still the best buffet I've been to.  Of course, you have to keep in mind that's it's a BUFFET so for the peeps expecting a 3-Michelin star experience, you will be disappointed.  The only complaint I have is that a year later, the Wynn Buffet is still serving the same menu but the food (and desserts!) are still delicious!

I really dont know how people rate this buffet so high. 1. Its was $50 for dinner because of 18% gratuity2. the meats were mostly dry, they had brisket and sausage at the carving station and they were dry as can be.  Tell me how can sausage be dry???3. was not impressed with the selection at all, all their beef dishes said Kobe beef but who care if it tastes bad and plus its American Kobe which isn't real Kobe beef. 4. the dessert was okay, ice cream was good 5. so overrated for the price, just a tourist trap6. better going to a sit down restaurant for the quality of food.I felt raped by the cost to quality.never again do a Vegas buffet, I always used to love buffets when I was younger but the cost of the buffets now a days just doesn't justify going to one. Better food and cheaper at a sit down restaurant. Plus do a free walk around before you decide all buffets let you do this before buying it.

Best barbeque around, great atmosphere and excellent service. Could use better drink specials but the food makes up for it.

Nice place to hang out and have a drank on, karaoke, Dj with  a dance floor. The staffs are awesome! The sig sig is out of this world

This place is absolutely horrible! 1 the service is just horrible, our waiter practically ignored us all night with our drinks empty and we had to ask her multiple times to get refills. 2 we ordered our food and it took forever to come out. I mean like 40 min with only 2 tables next to us and others dancing so that has absolutely no excuse for the kitchen to be taking so long to make our food. 3 when we try to pay our bill (which was only 38 dollars) I only had a 50 which is relatively close to the bill and our waiter said they didnt have change in the drawer, I mean its a 12 dollar change!!! What kind of a restraunt doesnt have 12 dollars change in the cash drawer?!?!? Well thats my experience of this place and it was absolutely fucking horrible. I wish I could put zero stars.

$24.99 for brunch.   Food was soso, I expect much better from Mandalay Bay...

The food here is mediocre.Not bad, but not super good. If you're a foodie, you will have to choose wisely. Not everything in the buffet is good, but you must pick and choose. There are some diamonds in there.My husband and I came here on a Friday for lunch a few months ago. We had scored BOGO tickets for our meal. The meal was a GREAT deal! For the two of us (for a lunch buffet), we paid $23 total. I would definitely come back to this place in a heart beat. The value was phenomenal for the price. But of course for the next time I'd do the same thing, pick out the delicious things (and trust me, there are some- including yummy Lox!) out of the sea of mediocre food.

Was turned onto this place by a friend. When you walk in, you get this Truck Stop, dirty, dingy type of a feel. This has never scared me because most of the times, these places have the best food! (Check out Polaris Cafe behind the Rio All-Suites Hotel and Casino! Best breakfast!)Sat down and everything appears to be a tad old and run down. But, the service was pretty decent. You could tell these people aren't corporate, and I don't mind that at all. I ordered the veggie burrito, wet (with enchilada sauce) and half with hot sauce and the other half with regular. I like my food hot and this was HOT!!! At first I thought I wasn't going to be able to handle, but then I adapted. LIke I said, I like my food HOT!!The burrito tasted as if it were prepared by someone who knows Mexican food, and not by someone trained to cook and emulate it. My overall experience was that even thought it aint the prettiest or cleanest place, the food more than makes up for it. I say at least give it a shot and judge for yourself. Will I eat here again? As Dave Hester would say..."YUUUP!"

The real deal!  Great burgers, true diner atmosphere. Can't ask for more.

Back here again with my monthly ladies' lunch group. I ordered the lunch combo: 1 pizza, soup, and a tropical ice tea. The soup was chicken noodle soup today, it was loaded with goodies (carrots, onions, celery, chicken and lots of noodles). The soup was good, not too salty. I ordered the pepperoni pizza. Unfortunately, it is on the extra crispy side. The tip of the pizza was a black and the crust was super crispy. I did not attempt to eat the crust, way too hard. It was better last time. The soup and nonstop flowing of ice tea was good. The service is always excellent.

This place has the best pizza! The people are usually nice & helpful.  We live near Nellis AFB so this place isn't close to us but we come on this side of town just for the pizza!  Wish they would open up a shop over close to us!  That would be awesome! (Hint, hint) ;)

Omfg diablo hot wing challenge is not a joke, they use ghost chilli extract, warning do not do challenge my tongue, throat, cheek and ears went numb and no I did not finish the 20 wing only ate 15 wing ....

Winner winner Tuna melt sammich. They use albacore white, Swiss cheese on a soft heated bun.  It was Earlicius!!! Sorry no pics, scarfed that bad boy down.  It was also a really good portion, not gijimbo just right.

Sure, Vegas has some of the best restaurants in the world. So when you want something fast, cheap, and easy, shouldn't it still be at the quality you expect? That's what I found at Earl of Sandwich. Not just a regular sandwich, but a low price hot delicious gourmet grilled sub. I had the chipotle chicken with avocado, and it was far more than I expected. It was not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but it was absolutely fresh, quick, and quality for about $6. If you don't want to blow a ton of money on a quick bite to eat and you'd rather spend it in the casino, then grab a sandwich from the Earl.

This was easily one of the best meals I have ever had, the atmosphere was awesome. Just an all around great dining experience. GET THE CHEESECAKE FOR DESSERT!!!

Consistently excellent!  Had dinner there last night and the service was superior, food was excellent as well.  We come to the marketplace often and the sushi is always beautifully presented and the service is consistent.  Well done, we will continue to come back!

I visited this little jewel when it first opened and bought six pastries to take to a friends luncheon. I was really disappointed and never went back. Three years later, looking for a breakfast place near my home, I stumbled upon Scratch again, this time to rave reviews. I decided to give it another chance and get actual food here and I am so glad that I did! I chose the Eggs Benedict with ham (I will try the smoked duck next time). This is the first place in Phoenix/Scottsdale to get hollandaise right (they make their own), the poached eggs were perfection. Now, I normally get really irritated at a small side salad on a plate of great food as an afterthought. At first, I ignored it and dove into the actual food that I ordered. I decided to use it as a palate cleanser but then I couldn't stop eating it! No "afterthought" sides for Scratch!  My husband said the hash browns were the best ever and I agree. They are seasoned with maybe fennel and rosemary?  I was full so I had to get my macarons to go. The salted caramel is just like butta!!  I would love to keep this little place to myself but it wouldn't be fair to the rest of humanity.

Everyone at our table (4 guys) all had different appetizers and entres. Needless to say, all of us raved about our meals and the server we had, I believe his name was Matt was fantastic with his recommendations and service. If I stay at Palms again, I would return for sure.

I go here frequently because it's only a couple miles from my work and much better than the nearby Souper Salad. I usually order a chicken caesar or salmon salad. The chicken is flavorless and costs extra, but without it I'd probably still feel hungry after. I noticed that when I first started going earlier this year they filled the bowl to the top with lettuce, but now it seems like they only fill it half way. I like that you tell them what lettuce and toppings you want instead of your typical salad bar where you always wonder who touched or sneezed on the food. They chop your salad which is very nice. The dressings are good, but unless you like a ton of dressing make sure you tell them you only want a little because they put a lot on. They also have a punch card and punch it 2 times if you get a large salad (only costs $1 more), or 1 time if you get a small salad. Overall it's an OK place to get a salad.

Unless you REALLY have to have a milkshake with your burger, I suggest you go to the Burger Bar.It's not like the burgers here aren't good.  They're ok, I suppose.  The choices are limited and so are the 'toppings'.  Service is ok but could be improved.  My husband liked it a lot more than I did 'coz we came here TWICE but it's just a burger to me.  Nothing out of the ordinary nor gourmet about it.  I miss Burger Bar!!

Great vegetarian restaurant. The menu is great and diverse, and is located very close to McGill. I really enjoyed eating here; however it is very popular and is often crowded. On the plus side, you can make reservations.

The meal here was similar to what I have experienced at many other steakhouses.  The food is way overpriced and the quality is marginal.  We went for the 45 dry aged Porterhouse steak and it arrived cooked very well but lacking in seasoning and all of the character you come to expect and pay for in a dry aged steak.  The sides were very average as well.  The one good thing was the service.  We had a big group and they handled everything well.  Definitely not the best choice in Montreal.

I went here for dinner and will never go back again. I thought the combinations on the menu were kind of bizarre- having some pizza with pasta on the side- but maybe that's just me, too much carbs and starch on one plate is kind of off-putting. The menu had some choices that sounded good, but that's it. I ordered a 'make your own pasta', which had penne, mixed vegetables, and rose sauce. When my dinner arrived, it was not what I was expecting. Way too much pasta, and not enough vegetables- there were maybe 2 florets each of broccoli and cauliflower, and maybe 3 pieces each of red and green peppers. The vegetables didn't even seem cooked. The pasta was doused in sauce and was not very pleasant to eat.  There was so much pasta, it could have been split between 2-3 people. I noticed all the food going out looked like it could have fed that many people. Why make that much food for one person? i don't understand. Takeout the rest after maybe, but I certainly didn't want to.The dessert was just as bad- I ordered a mousse, which was much too rich, and again there was too much of it.Despite the gross food, I think the service was good. The waitress was friendly to me, addressing me in English as I was the only anglophone at the table. I'd give the place 1.5 stars because of the service.The food is memorable, but for all the wrong reasons.

Nothing like Pizza a Metro.  Typical Scottsdale in trying really hard to impress with a look and not being able to deliver. Big bar in the middle seemed like the best place to sit.  Weird table booths outlined the place with tacky curtains.  The food was ok but didn't seem to offer any real interesting or creative touches.  Calamari and pizza were decent but were a little pricey especially for lunch.  Nothing really appealing to draw me back to this place.

Awesome food. Never had a disappointing menu item. Seitan Wings are as good or better than the real thing! Great take-out spot.

I'm under the impression that Ohana Hawaiian BBQ is a chain in Las Vegas, but you definitely get a completely different experience at each location.The Husband ordered the Chicken Katsu and Kalbi Short Ribs Combo, while I ordered the Pork Lau Lau  Their two scoops of rice and one scoop of mac salad is an embarrassment to Hawaiian food.  When I opened my box, I thought they were kidding.  What's up with the small scoops?  Definitely disappointing on that part alone.The short ribs tastes okay, but my pork was super dry.  There were minimal fatty pieces, and everyone knows a good lau lau should have some decent amount of fatty pieces! Service can be improved here.  The only girl working was outside socializing with some guys.  I needed more napkins and since they are behind the counter, I had to go outside to request more.  It seemed like I was bothering her.  Overall, there are way better Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas that do better in food (quality and quantity) and service.2.5 stars

We stopped in during the festival (make reservations!). The food was very carefully prepared, and quite nice.  I see one reviewer was concerned that this is a tapas establishment (that would be the bar next door). No, this has credible Spanish food, and a reasonable wine list. A fun evening.

Does Edinburgh really need three branches of I.J. Mellis? If you've sampled the cheese they sell, you'll know the answer is YES. Established in 1993, this picturesque shop is the original I.J. and is located halfway down the charming Victoria Street in the Old Town. It's tiny compared to delis like Clark's and Valvona & Crolla but they manage to pack a lot of character and flavour into the space. On a weekend it's usually crammed with tourists ooohing and aaahing at the produce but in the week, its easy to walk in and pick up supplies for a last minute picnic.On those rare occasions, my basket usually includes a campagne loaf, rustica olives, grilled artichokes, parma ham, Montgomery Cheddar, Ragstone goats cheese and some Mrs Kirkham Lancashire.

Tried this after the reviews on Yelp.  Had a bit of a Wait on a Saturday morning, but we expect that.  They told us 10-15 minutes, but it actually was more like 25 minutes.  While we were waiting we saw someone slip the hostess $20 to skip the line - not cool !  Once seated (inside as we took first available) our waitress came over very quickly and took our drink order and then our full order - we got our food very quickly considering how busy it was.  The waitress was very friendly and gave us suggestions on the menu since this was our first time there.  I had the Caprese omelet, which was excellent - my partner had the berry pancakes and said they were good too.  It was a little noisy inside, but the food was excellent and we will be back.

One of my favorite breakfast cafés to visit! This morning our server DONNA was very attentive and polite. She immediately noticed there was no creamer left on our table and was quick to bring more for my coffee,she also brought me a new ketchup right away. It's not easy to find great service in a busy place,but I am very pleased with everything here including the food. The chicken enchilada omelet is a fantastic choice! The coffee is amazing & they bring you your own pot to pour from instead of having to wait and hope that you'll get a refill. Next time you're hungry for a hearty meal,this is the spot!

AMAZING!  My husband and i have been "take out" from here for the past year.  Always SO relish- and zero mistakes on our order. Always order the Pho Soup- w beef and an order of  spring rolls.  We decided to stray this week and try recomended Pho Lein which had great reviews.  SUCH a disapointment. When we got home, unwrapped the beef to put into the soup - it was already pre cooked? UGH. The beef was fatty and tasteless. Pho Bac- great portion sizes, fresh taste, and delish! Be prepared w/ cash only and time to look for parking

This was my first time eating Vietnamese food and I wasn't disappointed at all.  My husband ordered an iced coffee and I quickly followed suit.  When it arrived, I was pleasantly surprised by how good it was.  I am used to very strong coffee so when I go out, it's hard to find coffee that I like but this one was simply amazing.  I decided to try the Pho with meat and meatballs and my husband ordered the Pho with meat and tripe.  I loved the basil leaves that they give you to add to your meal and thought the broth was pretty good.  The meat was tasty but the meatballs weren't that great.  If you decide to order the Pho, I would recommend that you try it with something other than the meatballs.  My husband enjoyed his bowl of Pho as well.  We will definitely be going back here sometime soon!

Delicious food.  Beware can be quite spicy.

Old fashioned hamburger, tortilla soup, chicken walnut sandwich, wonderful. Give it a try and beer was only 2.50.

It can be lonely being a cafe enthusiast in Waterloo. For six years I've had to endure a city with a makeshift coffee culture. To make matters worse, my Coop terms take me to Seattle and New York to enjoy the best cafe culture around only to yank me back to KW every 4 months.Today I'm enjoying an Americano on King Street in Uptown Waterloo. Any other day I would be at Heuther's or my oh-so-favorite Second Cup. Not today. On the corner of Dupont & King there is a fresh infusion of coffee culture into mundane Uptown life.This new cafe is appropriately called Coffee Culture and I have the best seat in the house! It's the red leather couch in the corner by the window. I can see the little old ladies in the street plastering their faces into the window wondering what this new place is. After walking away they are back literally 10 minutes later with their husbands to try it out.  The lineup was short but the wait time was long. The cashier was new so I forgive him. I took in the menu instead. Oddly it's spread out the whole length of the bar making it hard to read everything while standing in line. After ordering and taking my super awesome seat the barista came by. She asked me exactly how much water I'd like in my Americano. It might not seem like special treatment but it is. The last time I had this custom a coffee made for me it was at bauhaus in trendy hipster Seattle.The prices are low priced to fair here. I have a feeling they will rise to match everyone. Coffee shops are always more expensive to run than initially thought as well. Still, they are definitely competitive with Starbucks, Second Cup, Heuther Hotel and even Timmies. They have plenty of food. If I had money to spare I'd try it out. Though, the smell of it is enough to convince me to come back!The place is sparkling clean. Sure to please my parents when they come for a visit. They never did like the grungy hipster makeshift house cafe's I generally drag them to. The couches are leather and the chairs and tables real wood - not plasticy Timmies style - though you knew that by now. They even have a nice big screen television so I can enjoy a game while getting some work done - free wifi hurrah!Oh look, even a cop walked in to try it out. This place is destined for greatness :p So long Timmies and good riddance.One new cafe may not be enough to turn KW into a thriving cosmopolitan city overnight. But with a new cafe, I feel better that coffee enthusiasts in KW aren't a dying species like first thought.

How can somebody who's always had a sweet tooth like me not love this place? I've been telling myself I'll cut back on my sweets intake - it's been a battle that I keep losing. Since this shop is in the same complex as a  Gold's Gym - that's a good enough excuse to indulge in sweet treats, right?The shop is so cute. Black and white interior and the colors come from the beautiful cakes, pastries and macarons they have. I'm actually wishing my birthday was much sooner so I can get a birthday cake from here. They serve hot chocolate, tea and coffee, milk, juice, soda...and alcohol (at night). Champagne, wine and beer + dessert? Can I just live here? Before I continue, I must say that my love for macarons started when I first had them in Paris - oh l'amour! So, I'm not one of those that eat them because they're trendy or whatever. The fad can die but I'd still love macarons. These French cookies are my faves just like chunky chocolate chip cookies. I'd go to a macaron shop at every city I visit for comparison and get macarons in ALL their flavors. So, I'm glad the Vegas area has Gimme Some Sugar. My true test for macarons is pistachio macarons but unfortunately, they didn't have it when I went but I think you can special order items a day before.They have 10 macaron flavors at a time. I think 2 are seasonal flavors and 8 mainstays. I've tried 10 flavors: fig & goat cheese, Snickerdoodle, strawberries & champagne, Nutella, PB&J, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cake, maple-bacon, Snickers Candy bar and chocolate-covered strawberry. I got 14 macarons - I had to get an extra fig and goat cheese macaron and 2 extra Nutella macarons. I also got a fresh fruit pavlova and a green tea cheesecake. As for the macarons, here's how each ranks:5/5: fig & goat cheese, Nutella, chocolate-covered strawberry4/5: Snickerdoodle, PB&J, Snickers candy bar, maple-bacon bar3/5: strawberries & champagne, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cakeGreen Tea Cheesecake:I love green tea and not a lot of places have green tea cheesecake. The crust is crunchy. The cheesecake is deliciously creamy with a good green tea flavor. It's topped with a thin sesame nougatine and a raspberry. Amazing! 5/5Fresh Fruit Pavlova:A pavlova is a meringue topped with fruits. It's light and crisp. It's like a "healthier" dessert if you will. 5/5They warned me that the birthday cake was really sweet and that I shouldn't get it if I was torn between that and another flavor. Hooray for honesty! The fig & goat cheese macaron sounds a bit unusual but it's actually good since I love goat cheese. Sweet fig + tart goat cheese...yum! Nutella is a no-brainer...it's instant love for me. The strawberries & champagne sounded real good and looks so pretty and dainty but the flavors were mild but really sweet. I think the strawberry flavor needs to be more pronounced. I got lucky to have the last maple-bacon macaron. Score! The service is amazing here. Very friendly and honest. I was holding up the line with all the desserts I got and I felt bad for the people behind me who came in just to pick up 2 items. But one of the girls who was helping me out offered them a cookie so everything was fine and dandy. Sure, the desserts here cost an average of $7 apiece and the macarons are $3.50-4.50 each - the macarons are HUUUUGE though (the size of your palm or about 4 macarons) and the ingredients are of quality. Hello? I don't mind paying for something good. You can actually get $1 off with a Yelp check-in. And if you buy more than 6 macarons, you get 50cents off each additional you buy.I was smiling the whole time I was in the shop like a kid in candy store. My friend who was driving me around even said, "see! It's that smile that makes driving here worth it".

So I had to eat here cause I was starving and visiting my mother in the hospital. I gotta admit what I had was not half bad for a fast food joint. I had their Spicy Chipotle Burrito. It had some kick to it and the flavor was enjoyable.

I've been coming here for years just because I live across the street. The service here is horrible and the employees are definitely high! I wish there was a location closer cause I do like the food. My rating is based only on service.

Excellent hole in the wall Mexican food. Highly recommend. Had the beef tacos and they were excellent.

Used to go to this subway all the time. But stopped going after I got extremely sick. They're employees always gave off the vibe that they hate their job and this one employee moves soo slow. Expect to wait a half hour if he's making your sub. And he also gave me a huge thick slice of turkey (it was the end) and I was just disgusted so I decided to stop going their.

Good atmosphere when you're up to on the deck. Not sure about the inside as I didn't venture inside. Good drink specials and an extensive menu. Had the wasabi tuna burrito, and what led me to order based on the description lacked in flavor. The "green wasabi" rice is very bland. There are s many other good things on the menu that I will be sure to return...I'll just pass on the burrito.

At least it has atmosphere. The $13 drink was about an inch below the rim of my martini glass. I had to have that corrected immediately before the night started off wrong. The whole dinner could be ruined but that drink will not be. The steak and mac and cheese were orgasmic. Not happy that they charge $5 for a ramekin of horseradish cream sauce. Had a gift card that could take care of the whole dinner and the idiot couldn't process it. He made it sound like it was my problem. It was issued by your restaurant, not sure why it was my issue. He actually asked it I wanted to use the gift card or pay by other means. I just about lost it. I still have nightmares about the stupidity of that statement since gift cards are just as good as cash. If you work in the industry you'll get 25% off on Mondays after 9 p.m.

To begin, I am not the biggest fan of thai food to begin with, but this place was great.  We went with another couple and seemed to order everything on the menu.  I don't like spinach, but they got a spinach salad that was great, the lamb was excellent too.  I would make a reservation if going for dinner as it was super packed and the place is relatively small.

Its okay, I was not really sold on the whole idea that their pizza is similar to that of the quality of pizza from back east.  And I also don't know why they insist on giving ranch with every order.

After giving it another chance, my wife and I went back. Instead of waiting 2 hours for a table, we selectively chose to wait for a bar seat. After 20 minutes we got one and this time the food was great, not just good.

Nice place with good staff.  Food is good and fresh.  If you enjoy crab, this is the place to go.  We had crab cakes, onion rings, and of course some really good crab.  I enjoyed everything about it.  I'll be back.

If you like salt...you'll like Seasons 52.   After my wife and I dined on the flatbread, scallops and trout, we were convinced that in order to add flavor to their reduced calories, they poor on the salt.I read a few reviews here that mentioned bland taste.  Possibly the management read the same reviews and asked their kitchen staff to open the salt shakers?   It really spoiled what could have been a nice experience.And skip the salads.   Very over priced for what amounts to a plate of mixed greens and little else.  IMO, True Foods does a much better job.On the pro side, the restaurant is very nicely designed with a pleasant atmosphere and good lighting.  And the wait staff was attentive and polite.

First time for me at DiVerti Bar & Grill. Clearly a great location being on the corner of University & Mill. Parking is in the back next to Jack In The Box. Pretty average decor inside. Very typical of what you would find of a campus bar. Carpets been removed and they stained the exposed cement floor. 7+ HDTV's above the bar so good for catching a sporting event. We ordered Hot Wings to start and they were good. A few undersized wings made it onto the plate, but no complaints. Entree: Medium Burger w/ bacon and cream cheese + jalapeno. It's a specialty burger of theirs and it wasn't bad. Different, but good. Prices were extremely reasonable and they had a deep menu of items to choose from. Service was good. Granted there were only about 10 people in the restaurant, but Bartender was friendly and made some recommendations. Full bar and lots of brews on tap. I'll be back to check out Happy Hour!

excellent place to get a cup of coffee, chat with a friend, or work.

I work downtown and this place is awesome!  I've ordered both salads and burgers - both fantastic.  They do all of their own fresh grinding and seasoning of meat and it's delicious.  The seating area is really tight and cramped but they just opened an upstairs too.  The lunch time crowd is crazy busy, but overall excellent!  If you work downtown, definitely try it out (order take out).

The food was surprisingly fresh tasting and the service was impeccable.  The prices were a little high for what you get but all in all a great experience we will be back for sure.

We go here about once a week for happy hour.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.  They take the time to get to know the customers and know when to look for a refill.  Good, not great, selection of tap beers - all good and interesting but not extensive. The bar food is excellent - predominately gastro-pub.  The slider trio is great and the margherita pizza is one of the best in town.  We also enjoy the carne asado & queso dip.

We were torn between Butters and Butterfields (based on yelp reviews). Very pleased with our choice to go to Butters Pancakes & Cafe'! Everything looked so good that we ended up ordering 3 entrees. The salmon/cream cheese scramble, eggs rojo and strawberry cheesecake French toast (AMAZING!!!). Everything was delicious and well priced. Also really enjoyed the outdoor seating!

Outstanding service, very clean. Ordered the French Onion soup and the Beef Eater (roast beef on french with au jous)Both were fresh and hot. Will be going back :)

Great place for lunch bunch to get a good sandwich.  Salads are not bad either.

Food was flavored well.   We had good service and attentive manager.  Food could have been warmer.

We were in Vegas a few days ago and wanted to try out Gordon Ramsay Steak so we called reservations and found out they were booked until after 10pm.  No problem as she told us we could go to the bar if we wanted to as it has a full menu there.  We ended up going to dinner at American Fish and decided to have a drink and dessert at Ramsay.  When we got to the host stand we were told that the bar was bought out for the night by a party.  This would have been great information to give us when we called earlier that day don't you think?! We were pissed but not as pissed as if we had decided to come here for Dinner.  We got over it and went to Max Brenner for dessert which was great.  I don't know if this was the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing but it left a really bad taste in our mouths.  Maybe we'll try it the next time we go...but there are so many other stellar choices in Vegas.

I'm a sushi snob......and I enjoyed this place.  Service was EXCELLENT!  Our server, Ryan, was knowledgable with a great sense of humor. Food was fresh and big portions. They didn't skimp on the fish in our rolls. Garlic edamame was very strong so make sure your date eats it too. We ordered the albacore crunch roll, poke tuna, crispy spicy tuna appetizer, lotus roll, and shrimp tempura roll. Love the fresh jalapeño to top!  Everything was eaten with no complaints at all!

Service was a bit slow but the breakfast way more then made up for it.  Dinner was okay. I'm sure I'll be back for football season.

I work downtown; been here two or three times for lunch.Pork BBQ - Their's is good.  Good flavor, several sauces available, and the portions (at least on the Plate) are fine (not heaping, but fine). I've had the Brunswick Stew.  Okay, so simply based upon my experience and input from friends, Brunswick stew is usually thick and not soupy.  The stew is soupy here - i.e. it has a lot of broth.  But, get this now... I've ordered it twice because it's good.  So it may not look like what you're expecting when you get it, but give it a try.Collard greens were good.  There seems to be a lot of stems, but then, not everybody  makes the effort to pull some out.  Good flavor!All in all, this is a convenient spot for good BBQ in the center of downtown Charlotte.  Fortunately for us here in the queen city, we now have two options available!!If you do go, get the deviled eggs appetizer.  They are good!One thing to note... if you order a soft drink, you're buying a bottle.  That's it.  So your refills are limited to your bottle.  Want more? Buy another.  I don't care for this approach.The wait staff was very nice, friendly and informative.  Not terribly attentive, but then they don't have to do refills either. ;-)So, I like this place and will most likely be back.

During the course of  exploring the Strip District of the city I was looking forward to having a pub-style lunch somewhere in the area. Unfortunately, the place I was hoping to visit was closed on Sunday (should have checked the listing on yelp!). I walked into Kelly O's (which must be 180 degrees from a pub setting) to find a bustling diner filled with guests of all ages and descriptions. My server, Andrea, approached the table with 45 seconds and took my order. While tempted to have something from the Sunday extended breakfast menu, I opted for a cup of Turkey Pot Pie soup and "Classic" patty melt. The tasty soup arrived quickly and hot (and I mean HOT!) and included a nice piece of crust and chunk of turkey. The sandwich was also good (hot), rye bread perfectly toasted, good cheese melt and burger cooked to the temperature.In spite of the business levels and somewhat cramped quarters there was no level of chaos at Kello O's. Instead, servers moved about smoothly while delivering orders and every departing guest was warmly thanked for their visit. The patron mix ranged from children to folks well into their 80's. And, there was an obvious mix of "regulars" and first timers like me. Andrea was conversational, refilled my beverage without request and provided me with much appreciated information about the District. By the way, the place,including restroom, was remarkably clean which is saying plenty when considering the number of people that obviously went through the place. It's nice to visit a place that doesn't try to be "something they're not." The menu is straightforward and genuine, the food is "as promised," the staff is friendly and connected with their customers.  I'll likely visit again with friends and family.

Tried it once w/ the kids, won't be back.Not bad, but for their high prices and the quality, there are better choices in LV.Noise level is high.

What I Learned From My Bacchanal Buffet Experience                                                              by Lori R    1)  If you want the SUPER Bacchanal experience you must go after 3pm!  A lot of what I've heard described in reviews was NOT on the buffet that we went to on a Tuesday at lunchtime.    That being said, we also paid half of what others pay at night.  We arrived around 10:45 a.m., so it was around $50 for both of us (before tip).   2)  TIP!  Add gratuity to that bill when you pay it at the register.  They will MARK your receipt as a tipper.  Don't know if that gives you extra credit or what, but they sure make note of it.  And if that's not reason enough, these servers work hard keeping your drinks refilled and whisking away endless empty plates.  They also take salt and pepper shakers very seriously, as I heard a serious conversation that involved keeping track of whose were whose. (you have to ask for it, if you want them, by the way, they aren't on the table).  3) PACE YOURSELF.  They were changing over from breakfast to lunch when we arrived, so they kept putting out new things.  Favorites for me were some Asian items...the eggplant, green beans, fried fish.  Also thought the sliders were excellent quality, onion rings very good.  There was an awesome truffled potato gratin, a tasty tater tot casserole...a very flavorful chicken habanero sausage (although there was nothing habanero hot about it).  From the Italian section, not a lot was calling out to me, but I did have a meatball which was good, although very big...a smaller one would have been even better.    Seafood was disappointing to me, as expectations were high based on the reviews I had read, but those were obviously for dinner.  I asked if it was too early for crab legs, and was told yes, not until after 3.  Steamed shrimp were good though.   4) Dessert selection must be different this early in the day, also.  VERY GOOD though, but sadly, no macaroons!  I tried a passion fruit meringue tart and a chocolate creme brulee.  Both were pretty good.   So, to sum up my personal Bacchanal experience, it was quite good, but being lunch-time buffet eaters,  we have preferred our lunch-time experiences at both  Wynn and Wicked Spoon.

I was super excited to find a soul food place here in Las Vegas, just moving here from Atlanta, and being a huge soul food fan! I did my research on yelp and decided to give Soul Food Cafe a try! We were greeted by a very nice waitress and seated right away on a Sunday, so far so good! I ordered the Catfish lunch, comes with two sides and cornbread (cornbread is sooo yummy, prob the best part of the meal) I really wanted Collard Greens, my fav, but they were out so I ordered Cabbage and yams. My husband ordered Fried Chicken rice and gravy and Cabbage. We tried to order the ribs for our daughter off the kids menu, but they were out of ribs too :( So we ordered baked chicken for her.  After a pretty long wait we were told very apologetically that they were out of Cabbage also. At this point I did want to leave, or wish I would have known about them being out of food so early on a Sunday, I would have liked the option to try again another day...BUT after waiting about 1.5 hrs we stayed, and waitress said that she would comp two sides for us. We finally got our food, honestly the portion size was quite laughable (maybe Ive been spoiled down south?) On the plus, the food was pretty tasty but for the price/portion ratio and the wait I dont know  if I'll be going back? btw..we ordered the Sugar Momma : Sweet Tea/ Lemonade and the Sugar Daddy : Kool Aid and Lemonade..Really Good, but VERY sweet...drank all my sugar for the month ;) lol

A bowl of potentialOn blistering cold nights, sometimes all it takes is a hot bowl of soup to purge the chills & rejuvenate the senses. On a quiet little part of what appears to be dead-man's alley, sits this cozy little shoppe; a star of hope in the sea of darkness.Upon entry a fog of authenticity & warmth envelopes you, as the hosts so graciously greet, get you situated & promptly serve you. Observant, keen & interested; a cohesive team that works together as they shuffle around caring for Tender, juicy, flavorful, the karaage hits every corner of your palate in a vibrant explosion of flavors & feelings, as it slowly melts in your mouth. Generously portioned & accompanied with a side salad. Should there ever be shortage of alcohol in the world, the pork broth would most definitely be my new vice. It oozes of authenticity, with an array of tantalizing flavors; from the succulent pork, to the wafer thin seaweed the fukumimi ramen is a testament to the establishment's commitment to excellence.Praises aside, there are definitely two major issues that almost made me drop a star. Please do lay off the SALT. I almost felt my tongue fall off after my 4th karaage. Also please cut back on the seaweed in the fukumimi ramen, that almost ruined the experience as I was winding down dinner (it tasted like seaweed soup instead of ramen).Overall, I applaud the service, I shall plan a return in the near future.

Very good wings. Have been here several times and food always pretty good. Love the  baby bella mushroom appetizer with sriracha ranch. Sometimes service slow but not a bad place for wings and beer.

The food is fabulous (I love the Gecko Burro and Pollo Fundido...and the strawberries and cream--one word-- AMAZING), the service and location are awesome and their involvement in the community is so great! I love supporting a great business like this!

Came here for brunch/lunch this Sunday; I wasn't overly hungry, but luckily everything was made a la carte, and priced fairly! I shared the chorizo meat balls with my friend (it came with 6 and a pile of shredded beets), the sauce was sweet and savory with leafy bites of cilantro. I often find anything with chorizo to be too salty, but it was just right, especially with the sweet sauce pairing. They have the healthy option to get lettuce wraps instead of corn or flour tortillas, and seeing as there was an abundant amount of free chips and salsa, I didn't miss having a tortilla-the lettuce was perfect! The free salsa and chips also came with three smaller and unique tasting salsas/sauces that varied in flavor and spiciness-it was awesome to have variety. To top of the great food and service, the atmosphere was amazing. I loved the high ceilings and stained glass, a huge rustic chandelier and beautiful well kept bathrooms. I will definitely be back!

Cute restaurant in an odd location. Very accommodating even though it was the last day for my Groupon. Very friendly and attentive staff-especially the nice young man filling the water!  I agree their wines were not the highlight but they have other, name brand choices at reasonable prices. Food was very good. Mixed bruschetta board looked odd because bread didn't appear to be toasted but the varieties were good-very fresh and generous prosciutto. Had the pasta special-carbonara. You could tell that was fresh pasta and due to the richness, I thought the serving size was just right. Ate every bite. Good find from Groupon!

Really good beers, and the hamburgers are outstanding.  Prime Rib sliders were really good but could've used a little more jus for dipping.   Best for last:  The Cheddar Ale soup is totally bonkers!  I've never had anything like it.  Service was attentive, helpful with the menu and beer selection, and pretty quick.   The place has a sports-bar atmosphere with a zillion TV's and a rambunctious crowd, but nothing I'd be afraid to bring the children to.

Excellent sushi. Great price. Excellent service. Nice decor. I highly recommend Humari Sushi if you are downtown! They literally pulled me in off the street and I have been going back ever since!

VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!

Dickey's saved my Thanksgiving!My brother & I decided to do Thanksgiving w/ friends super last minute. Hash House a Go Go ran out of turkeys. WTF. So did Mimi's Cafe, Lucilles, and Famous Daves. Double WTF. I needed Thanksgiving to-go and only 2 days to do it! Dickey's had 2 turkey options for $49.99--Cajun Fried Turkey or Smoked Turkey. Of course, they were sold out of the fried turkey but they had 1 smoked turkey left. I called dibs!!!The pick-up process was easy. Zipped in and out within 5 minutes. They're closed on Thanksgiving so pick-up needs to be the day before. They're open late so I picked up around 7pm. The turkey is wrapped in foil and comes in an oven-safe aluminum pan ready-to-heat. It takes about 2 hours for the turkey to reach eating temperature. Excellent packaging since my friend just moved to Vegas and has minimal bake/cookware available. I needed low maintenance food and Dickey's definitely made the holidays a bit easier for me. The turkey itself was pretty tasty. I was a little concerned that the smoked turkey wouldn't have the Thanksgiving flavor I was looking for but it was delicious. Not the best I've ever had but very good. As much as I love cooking and being able to put all the flavors I want into things. It was a relief to not have to deal with cooking a large bird and focus on the epic games of Settlers of Catan and Wii Tennis.

Just stopped in for my first Firehouse Sub and I wasn't disappointed. I had the medium pastrami sandwich on white bread. The bread was fresh, a little crispy, and very tasty. The pastrami itself was cut thick and also had a great flavor. They have a hot sauce bar loaded with great, hard-to-find, hot sauces. The only complaint I have is that it does take a little while to get your sandwich, about 10-15 min. Now this certainly didn't ruin the experience for me and to be fair, they were getting slammed with orders. Overall, it is very easy to recommend this sub shop. I'll certainly be coming back...next time for a Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket!

I don't usually write reviews but today I decided this place was worth one :)    I just got the 12 piece chicken meal for the family and I have to say, it was delicious!Chicken was crispy, not greasy at all, coleslaw was awesome. Kids loved the mac and cheese and biscuits ( I don't eat them ) but they said it was great. Also got an order of he butterfly shrimp which was delicious.  Definitely worth going back for!

Food is great! To be honest I first thought it had a fast food concept and was a little sketchy but it's not at all. Not sure what I ordered, all I know is that it was one of there specials and it had pork in it. Great new place. Definitely coming back!

Food is ok, had the beef brisket taco, need a little more sauce . Can yall please add hooks under the bars for us chicks please

