Another Uptown location that understands foot traffic. (I mention that because there are some that never seem to have enough workers. I guess trying to save a penny.)  There's always a lunch rush line and this visit no exception. However, I was able to get in and pay in less than 15 min. Plus you food is ready as you go along.Tasty options, and large dining room space. I would go again.

A piece of Charlotte history.The BBQ is good, maybe not the best.I kinda compare the local que to Kyle Flethcers in Gastonia.This is alright but not quite Kyle style.The days of the drive-in or waning.Go here for the experience before it's gone.

*Sigh* Sushi makes me happy! Did you know?! It TOTALLY does! Me and the queens made plans to have dinner somewhere - you know... like normal civilized people. All we knew was that I wanted sushi and that we wanted something awesome! After looking around on Yelp I chose to take the queens to CBNC... "So where is this place?""ummm... between 7th street &amp; 10th street off of Camel""Okaaay? The left or right side of the road?""I unno""What do you MEAN you don't know? Haven't you been here before?!""Ummm... no.""oh HELL to the no!"*the car then becomes filled with laughter*We passed right by it and then flipped a bitch out of no where and it made us fear for our lives! and then screams filled the car. Soon we were parked infront of a soon to be Domino's Pizza and headed to the cafe of my lil yelp dreams... Only to be met with a 20 minute wait. We were then outside and I was left to fight off the queens who seriously considered going to Tokyo express instead! And then FINALLY our names were called and we were seated.Our waitress was very nice. I want to say that it's the little touches that make CBNC great. The fresh  thick lemon wedge and fresh sprig of mint in the water pitchers. The way the servers are so friendly. She even complimented on my Japanese pronunciation! :) I didn't want to tell her the origin of my great accent...  watching Kill Bill a thousand times. She helped us order sushi. I wanted nigiri and they didn't have it. I was disappointed but still went with her suggested crispy rolls and alaskan rolls. They were AMAZING! I loved the crunch and the flavor. With the soy sauce was scrumptious. We wanted to cancel our orders and just get more sushi! The alaskan was great as well. I loved it. Even the queen who never had sushi before liked it. After devouring the sushi our food came. I ordered the beef soba noodle soup with tempura. It came with chicken instead. (boo!) but the tempura was perfect! (yay!) and I never had soba noodles, I usually get udon or chinese noodles. but I really liked the flavor and the fresh spniach that was wilting more and more as time went on. The slight flavor of the sliced green onions really made the dish something special. I loved it. I am just so sad that I couldn't finish it all! :(One queen devoured the beef yakisoba noodles at once! I was able to sneak my chopsticks inbetween his bites and I got a taste. it was CRAZY yummy! each of the veggies had a great difinitive flavor and yet melded together amazingly. I loved it. The other queen was pleasantly surprised at the taste of his Spicy beef rice plate. He couldn't finish his eaither but it was really. A lil too spicy for my tastes, but it was still awesome. We then ordered a bottle of wine and a sip here and a sip there and we were all in heaven! Talking to our waitress about the Navajo sushi chef behind the sushi bar who she was trying to hook up with one of us... but we couldn't tell WHO she was trying to hook him up with! One of the queens or me?! Said chef never made it to our table - and it's just as well... we were in food heaven savoring our delights and wishing we had bigger stomachs to take it all in! I'm a big fan of this place now and am VOWING to take several people with me next time! :)

We live by MOTO so we are kinda stuck when it comes to sushi establishments. The sushi blows. You can tell it isn't fresh fish and never taste super. The Mojo & beers are the only good things. I don't really trust a sushi place that hides the sushi makers in the kitchen...stuff probably looks like week old shit which it is.

I originally walked in here and thought to myself man I bet this place is a hot place of old people in the morning..I can see the shamu wearing old ladies gathered here in the morning drinking their coffee and gabbing like little chatting Cathy dolls about the new pool boy, and the old dudes talking about their tours in Nam and the Korea and the few survivors from the big one  WW II. To say the least I did not see that but I did picture it in my mind...suffice to say it was not like that but that was my first vision:)What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again.

A friend of a friend was telling us about this place on Sunday morning, and how awesome their pizza is.  It sounded awesome, but he warned us the line is usually an hour and a half long.  Oh well, we went anyway.  Luckily, we were early enough where we didn't have to wait long for a table.  When we were leaving, though, the line was easily an hour long.We started with the wings, which come in an order of 14 and were delicious.  Five of us were dining there, so we ordered two small pizzas, with each one being a half, so we had a nice variety of pizzas to try from.  We got the BBQ Chicken, the Frisco, Grandma G's, and one more that eludes me now.  All were pretty delicious, and I give them mad props for going out of their way to create unique pizzas with untraditional toppings (Grandma G's had potato on it).  Our entire bill with a few drinks came to under $80.Oh, make sure you sit outside... the inside had a lot of loud kids, and it seemed to echo off each wall and annoy the hell out of our party.  The women in our party also said the air temperature kept changing in there.  Keep in mind, too, that they don't have a full bar, so if you're going there hoping to start off with a bloody mary, you're out of luck.

This is about as close to an authentic Japanese izakaya as you'll find anywhere. And I'm talking countrywide.  I've been to several izakaya in Japan over the years and this place just brings me back there immediately.   My japanese buddy in San Francisco is jealous of this place to give you a little perspective on my claim.  The food is incredible and you'll find yourself hard pressed to try everything they have to offer as new items come and go all the time.  I recommend damn near everything on the menu.  If something scares you, ORDER IT, and you'll be pleasently surprised everytime.  If you do try this place, make sure you get a members card, as you will definately be returning.  For every 5$ you spend you get a stamp.  The initial card saves you 5%, fill it up and you save 10%, fill up a second card and you save 15%.  This is permanent by the way, you can use it for every visit.  SO GO THERE ALREADY, and I'll most likely see you there as I am there 4-5 times a week.

Oh sweet baby Jesus, I love this place. Retro decor, a waiter who does a Robert DeNiro impression, and amazing steaks. About mid way through my (rare) petite filet the other night-I turned to my husband and said, "I want to give this steak a baby" Because that's how good it is. There's always a point where I start to get sad that my steak will be gone shortly, so I try to slow down. But it's too hard at the Golden Steer! I don't want to slow down! Nomnomnom.Forget the stupid fancy places in the hotels on the strip, the Golden Steer is the real deal.Go. Now.

I'm no Korean/Hawaiian food expert, but this place has lived up to the hype.  Thanks Jade for the recommendation.  Myself and a few coworkers came here today, and not a single one of us wasn't impressed.First off, the kimchi is bomb here.  I can usually leave out the kimchi, but that's only because so many places in Vegas have mediocre kimchi.  Not this kimchi.  You'll get this as an appetizer, so even if you are not a kimchi person you have to try it.  Our server (the owner?) sensed my coworker's enthusiasm over the kimchi, being the kimchi fanatic that he is, and complimented us some dumplings.  Off the hook.  The crust was kind of thick, but not greasy at all.  The meat was delicious, great spice and herb flavor.  A good sign of things to come...I ordered the Hot Rock Bi Bim Bap.  Friggin tasty.  Quality beef, super fresh veggies, and really nice Kochujang(?) sauce.  The Kochujang was slightly sweet but not too sweet, and subtly flavored.  What set this dish apart for me was the high quality for just around $10.00.  Oh, and don't forget the crystallized rice grains at the bottom. Despite gorging myself on refills of kimchi, I couldn't stop eating the Bi Bim Bap until every last rice grain was gone.  Just a great version of this classic Korean dish!I also managed to taste my friend's bulgolgi.  I normally don't like bulgolgi because it is always tough and overly sauced.  Not this bulgolgi, which is the best I have ever had.  VERY tender, and expertly seasoned.  The sauce was light and of a homemade quality.  Just delicious!Again, special thanks to Jade and the other Yelpers.  I don't know why it has taken me so long to try Island Style.  If you don't know if you like Korean food, this is the place to try it.  If you don't always feel like Korean food, this is the place to go when you do.  If you are a Korean food snob, give Island Style a try and let me know what you think!

So sad! This used to be one of my fave places. Over the last 10 years I've barely ever make my trip there anymore because I am steadily disappointed in the quality if food! Meat is spoiled or scarce, spring roll filling probably a week old.. So sad because they literally have the best pad thai and curry squash on a good day. Today I was craving bean thread noodle so I thought I would given them a chance again.., once again skimped on meat, rice is old and yellow (how can you not make fresh rice everyday?) , and they seem to think spicy means throwing in a shit load of crushed red pepper which adds no flavor or spice just stomache irritation,. I'm so sad to say, after over 10 years this my last straw. Sad because there's so much potential if they took the time to deliver the quality.

Easily the best restaurant in Madison.

Let me start by saying this place is REALLY hard to find! Even with my trusty GPS I found myself walking in circles and calling, calling,calling. I've seen many complaints about service on here, and while my service was not BAD in terms of inattentiveness, it certainly wasn't normal. The waiter and manager both came over several times while we were eating and at one point I just wanted to say, "Um, can we eat? Please? It's great...I assure you. Skidaddle."We had the Wildberry Pancakes with a side of fruit. Everything was good but for what we got, I consider the price steep. $12.50 for 2 pancakes?? Yes, they were good, but why not 3 with a little more topping? My $4 side of fruit was 3 orange slices and maybe 1/4 cup of apples. Lame. It's good but I'm not sure if I would return, at least on a day when I was really hungry.

I've gone here twice in the 3 days since I moved to Tempe and am extremely grateful to have found this gem (thanks Yelp!).  I eat between 5-10 sandwiches a week and have no doubt that I will be getting several of those from Dilly's.The first time I ordered a sandwich, I was a bit put off by the thickness of the bread;  I did not want the bread to overwhelm or disguise the flavor of the meats/cheeses/sauce.  However, the bread (foccacia) was actually quite soft and complemented the sandwich (the Smokey Mountain) quite well.  Nonetheless, I would warn that if you really are opposed to eating a relatively large amount of bread with your sandwich, you might prefer something else, or perhaps one of the wraps offered here (though I haven't tried any of those yet).Also, it'd be nice if nutritional information were made available on the website.  One of the main reasons that 80% of my sandwich consumption has been at Subway/Cosi/Potbelly is that I know the nutritional content of what I'm eating.  I hope to come here as many times as possible before the ASU onslaught begins in a few weeks...I hope the lines aren't out the door when classes start...although I suppose I will just eat lunch at 2 if that's the case.

With all that hype about this restaurant, I was excited about going there. But hmm it was just... how can I put it? Meh! Didn't do it for me. I would rather go to Daphne's.

When it comes to cheap lunches on the westside of town, nothing beats Thai BBQ on Jones. Many a time have coworkers and I stopped in for a great meal on the cheap. Have tried it a few times outside of lunch which just means the portions are a little larger and prices higher but still great Thai food. Oh... and the service is awesome! The only thing I have against this place is their water tastes weird to me, but things like hot tea or ice in my sprite are all good. Odd.... Maybe it is just me.

This place was horrible! I paid 200 dollars for dinner for two, my steak was still mooing! If you are in Vegas and want a real steak, Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse does it right!

Thank you Yolinda for always making me and my guest welcome to your restaurant.It's always nice to come to this fabulous restaurant for business meeting with my clients. The food and service is always excellent, and of course, my guest was amazed by the selection of meat you always have to offer.Keep up the good work and always keep the 4 stars!!

yummy!  We stumbled upon this after attending an event in Vegas and just needed to find a place to eat.  I usually am so picky about pizza that I won't go to just any place but we needed to eat.  The pizza was very good.  The salad were tasty.  So much so we bought a bottle of the dressing to take home with us.

Okay, so this was a total hole in the wall, but GREAT carne asada burrito. I would  perhaps have given them 5 stars if the 3 rolled tacos had actually first included the gacmole they were suppose to and the cheese was melted. But the carne asada was very good, almost San Diego-like.  The place put the food together in a heart beat but it was 10:30pm.  I have to say, this place is in the memory banks...so close to the airport and the strip (if you have a car).  Just do this, order a carne asada burrito and ask for extra gac and if you order the rolled tacos do the 5 with the works.  Glad I found this on Yelp and for sure 4 stars..oh and this is take-out only, no seating really and not a place you want to hang.

Normally love Baja, but this one has been very disappointing. Shrimp tacos, taste like rubber. All but one salsa was worth eating. Beans are a no go, and rice was average. My suggestion, don't let this be your first experience a Baja Fresh, go to another location, they do have good food!

I have eaten at this restaurant twice. The first meal was memorable and I never forgot it. As a result, I was so excited to go back last week. I had the truffle chips for an appetizer which were good but they didn't fit in with that kind of restaurant. My friend had a shrimp appetizer that was the favorite of the waiter's but we both found it very strange. It was supposed to be something creole and the shrimp was covered with an unattractive brown sauce. Odd.We both had a filet mignon. I ordered mine medium rare. I couldn't finish the last 15% of it because it was rare. Disgusting. It was fine but not worth $50. It came with a  sauce that made it delicious though. Without the sauce it would have been a big disappointment.We ordered a side of double baked potatoes. That was the best part of the meal.We each ordered a dessert. I had the banana cream pie. It was gorgeous but it was all bananas (which I LOVE) but with little cream. It was fine. My friend had the creme brulee and it was delicious.Service was very nice. Overall at $312 I won't be going back simply because it isn't worth the money.

Best bar in the Venetian! I am in Vegas for a conference. After realizing the line at Lavo would take at least an hour (per the bouncer) despite the fact that our group had rented out the space, I checked Yelp and found the VIP managers (Jorge) personal number. After a few extremely helpful texts assuring us no cover, a bunch of us headed over there, tweeting that we were going and for the rest of our group to follow. Michelle at the door was really nice and let us right in. All toll about 50 of us ended up there and had a great night! The drinks are extremely reasonable for this casino ($8 for a rum and coke, $8 for wine, etc) and there is hookah for a respectable $25. The DJ was great and had us all dancing. I was blown away by how much the staff went out of their way for our group and truly saved our night!

Not much to say about this place ... the ambience is hip and the service is good but unfortunately, the food is pedestrian and while there's a lot of fancy Mexican ingredient verbage on the menu, it's still pretty straight forward typical Americanized-Mexican fare.  Tacos, burritos, enchiladas, tamales, combo plates etc.  I can get this kind of food in my suburban home town that tastes better and costs a lot less.  Even the highly-rated table-side guacamole was just ok ... there's just too much stuff in there.  Could all of this be smoothed over by a nice margarita?  Well, I will never know because mine was too sweet.  Overall, a disappointment.

I've been to the House of Blues for a few concerts now, and there are plenty of other venues that offer a better sound quality, especially in Las Vegas. If you have the opportunity to see a band at another venue, I highly recommend it. The sound quality is awful, so there will be a very low chance you'll understand anything coming out of the singers mouth. It ends up being just a muffle that fades into the rest of the band.

The ambience is great and just shy of being too hip. Waitstaff was super friendly--felt like I was eating at a friend's house, but guess that's the point.Limoncello and chocolate desserts were great. Our waitress suggested we get the chocolate one over ice cream. You should try it.Didn't try the pizza. We'll be back.

This place has definitely improved. I remember the early days of soggy crusts, cheap cheese, subpar ingredients and heartburn.  This is certainly no longer the case.The place was super jammed around 6pm on a Thursday night.  It was actually kind of exciting!  All the guys in back were having a good ol' time, and the gals up front taking the orders were visibly stressed, but doing a great job.  We ended up creating our own vegetarian pizza.  We kept it simple, and just added mushrooms & onions.  It's everyone's new favorite... in fact, I've been ordering the same combination at other pizza places, but it's not nearly as yummy as Mamma Mia's version.  They have a great selection to build your own, however I'm sure that all their offerings are a hit as evidenced by the long line of hungry pizza lovers going out the door.

I've been to buffets at other casinos, but this is the best by far! Lots of fresh seafood, great carving stations, however I was not a fan of the way the prime rib was seasoned, and great desserts!

At first I was disappointed with Padre's menu.  I usually get tacos, rice, and beans, and they only had soft tacos.  But then I ventured out and got this amazing beef burrito that came with rice and beans.  Really glad I tried it.I was also pleased to see that they had Sol beer on the menu.  It is my favorite Mexican cerveza, and I usually can't find it in restaurants.

Great food! Best shrimp burrito I've ever had. Get the nachos, you won't be disappointed! 10x better than Roberto's!

Awesome happy hour! Their microbrewed beers are a mere $2 a pint from 3-6pm Monday through Friday (excluding holidays and Monday Night Football.) They also have $2 well drinks and wine as well as a great selection of bar food for $4.50. I had an IPA and a Santa Klaas Holiday Ale which was specially brewed for the holiday season. This was a very dark ale that is made with coffee beans and cocoa nibs. It was a delicious and different bittersweet ale with coffee and chocolate overtones. The service was friendly and fantastic!We were only there for drinks this trip but will definitely return for more awesome beer and to try some of the yummy bar food!

Think New Jersey diner size menu, lots and lots of choices covering most major food groupings.  I had an LTO special called drunken chicken which had a pleasant creamy red sauce and was served over potato cakes.   Very generous in size and I enjoyed it.  We also tried the rib's which turned out to be very decent considering it is a chain restaurant with a broad menu.  Service was very good and the store had a good sized outdoor eating area.  Would certainly go again if in the area.

You know how sometimes a place has such an impact on you that you start writing a review in your head as soon as you put something in your mouth? That happened and zero stars should be a thing.I decided to give this buffet a chance since a client had booked rooms for my coworker and I at Excalibur, and after getting up 6am for the flight and working until 7pm that day, we were both exhausted and didn't want to go very far for food. Big mistake. No matter how tired or hungry you think you are, you are NOT desperate enough to eat here. I would have preferred walking back to LA.The selection was awful, all the meat was dry, the seafood looked sketchy enough that I was too scared of potential food poisoning to try anything, and a lot of items at the salad bar were browning. All I ended up eating was a couple bites of meat, one bite of potato gratin, and salad. Yes, this is cheap (only $22) but it's not even worth that. I wish I'd just gone hungry.

Went there for lunch today. The place is next to Hot N juicy. Not big, but not too crowded at lunch time. The menu is very simple just one page. I had the pork soon tofu, my friend had dolsot bibimbap special. Both of us enjoyed our food. The tofu is tender and fresh, the pork inside is also tender. The service is very fast too.

We went at around 5:30 on a  Tuesday evening and the place was fairly busy.  The egg drop soup was delicious, and the highlight of the meal.  The only other two dishes that were warm enough were the Walnut chicken and the steamed clams.  There were a lot of high value items at the buffet, crab legs and shrimp and the like, but most of it was dried out and not as tasty as it looked. There was a wide selection ans some interesting choices, like clams smothered in cheddar cheese.  I guess this is Arizona, and I should not have been surprised that next to the sweet and sour sauce there was a tub of gravy.  There was also obligatory Chinese buffet pizza.  I don't eat any of these picky eater accommodation foods, so cannot comment on their flavor. They had a wide variety of deserts, too, including a sundae bar.  i had the green tea ice cream and it was okay, there were a couple of ice crystals in it. The place was more expensive than I thought it would be.  I think the price range should be adjusted to Moderate $$. I did not try the sushi, but there was a chef preparing it as we watched and it looked good.

Awesome food, portions are a lot better than most places, prices are good too... well definitely be stopping in when in that area... friendly staff

I've been here twice now for the lunch buffet and the second time I even brought a friend who was a foodie and both times it was great. They have a great selection of dips on the buffet, a few salads and many warm entrees to choose from. I recommend taking a little bit of everything and if you follow my rule, you won't be disappointed. Everything is absolutely delicious and you'll have fun guessing the spices in the various dishes. If you're in the mood for some tasty middle eastern food, I would really recommend it. It's a little short on ambiance, but with flavors like that, who's looking anywhere but their plate?

Went to Flo's tonight, we ordered hot and sour soup, which was very sour & not hot at all; crunchy tofu with veggies, which was ok, one of the highlights of the meal; veggie chow mein, which was tasteless; veggie fried rice was ok, nothing special; and moo shu chicken, which wasn't good. The majority of the meal was tasteless. There were 5 of us in total, and we paid $50 plus tip.

Gag Worthy food and facilities; Sketchy business practices!  This place deserves 0 stars. I was in Las Vegas on a business trip and ordered a slice of cheese pizza.  It was dripping with so much grease that even 5 napkins would not sop it up. I returned the entire slice uneaten and requested my money back. The guy at the register refused and told me to come back at night and ask for Pete.  I returned later and the female "Manager" told me Pete wasn't there and they don't give refunds.  After ignoring me for 10 minutes she realized I wasn't going away so she called Pete on the phone. He said he would have to mail me a check  for the purchase price of the slice. Uh, the slice was $3 and, as you probably guessed, I never received the check. In addition to the gross food, I made the mistake of entering the restroom and the stench of urine and fllth almost knocked me unconscious! Avoid this place under all circumstances!!

Excellent food! I was here for a lunch meeting and was treated but I believe for the 3 of us the bill came out to $40 if you're trying to estimate cost. Note we were here on a Monday and they close at 4:00 pm on Monday's. There was ample seating inside, but I can see it hard to grab a seat during the lunch rush. They have your standard mexican dishes. I was craving some tacos so I ordered the Al Pastor Taco combo with beans and rice. I was hardly able to finish but it was too good to leave left overs. The chips and salsa were yummy too. Interestingly enough they were lacking hot sauce options and brought out a small condiment cup of Tapatio when I asked for some. Everyone else seemed to tear up their food as well and seemed satisfied. Reason for the 4 stars then? It's not the best mexican food I've had, so I have to save the 5 stars for my favorite places, but for a lot of people this is a 5 star place.

This place is awesome! I never have been a fan of chinese restaurants, other than Panda Express, but this place is great. I'd recommend the sweet n sour chicken :) And the best part is, they deliver!

I noticed a bunch of Pho places on Spring during my trip to Vegas this past weekend.Having partied hardy the night before, our group decided Pho was definitely in order.Maybe I'm spoiled a bit because I've had the best Pho in San Jose and Westminster... and so my Pho standards are pretty high.I felt it was an okay place at first glance: clean, lots of Vietnamese locals, and spacious.The pho was really average. The broth lacked body and substance, and could have possibly been adulterated with some Swanson's chicken broth. I hate that. The noodles were okay, but the meat was TOTALLY skimpy in the large. There are MEATBALLS in Pho Dac Biet, I got no such meat in my bowl and no tripe either =(I also ordered some Vietnamese Ice Coffee (Cafe Sua Da) and it wasn't strong enough. They skimped on the coffee grounds. I like places that prepare the french press in front of you instead of going to the back and giving you pre-stirred drinks, but they shafted me on the strength. It tasted watered down.I'd probably never come back unless it were like the AM and I was desperately wasted.The service kind of sucked too. We were all hungover and needed water. We had to ask 100x times for refills!This place kind of reminds of the quality and even appearance of Lee's Noodle House in San Jose off of Tully Rd.... If you're from San Jose, you know what I'm talking about - this is Lee's Noodle House twin brother in Vegas.

Second buffet stop in my 5 day stay.The highlight of the restaurant had to be the fire alarm that rang out in the middle of our lunch. Heh, dunno what happened there.All that aside, the food itself was below average to average. Probably the only thing I liked was the Har Gow. The dessert was loathful; leaving it out in the open for what seemed like for hours (the colours look way off). I didn't bother touching it, as who knows what kind of bacteria has grown in those things...

One of my favorite Tempe spots, Forefathers really instilled in me a love for the Philly cheesesteak sandwich. When visiting, I always order the 2nd cheesesteak option with white American cheese, and either a side of french fries or their equally excellent sweet potato fries. For those wanting to manage their portions, their sandwiches also come in smaller sizes. After placing your order, be sure to go to the small refrigerator across from the soda machine and get a side of their sweet peppers to accompany your sandwich. This place has great food, and along with it a comfortable, casual dining environment. It also has friendly ownership and staff. It's been a while since I lived in Phoenix, but whenever I return and come to Forefathers, there are people working here who remember me and welcome me back. If you check out Forefathers, I am sure you'll want to come back again.

Interesting reading other reviews complaining about the rude owner too. It is the main reason I will never put my foot in Cafepino again, apart from the fact that it is overpriced. I much prefer to go to AMC Desert Ridge and have drinks and appetizers half price during happy hour at the Yard House, where the manager is welcoming and cares about his customers.Eight of us went to movies and had dinner at Cafepino last month. The food was okay but I had to cancel dessert because it took so long to arrive and our movie was starting in a few minutes. We were there long before the movie started to have enough time to eat. When we wanted to pay separately because everyone didn't have cash, the owner scoffed at us and basically said he couldn't accommodate us, only one person had to pay. We were all shocked at how rude he was and decided to move our once-a-month movie night to a different location. Good job in loosing eight customers in one fell swoop. Bon chance!

Ever since I came here the first time I went to Vegas, I've been DYING to come back.The food is so good!  I thought we just got lucky the first time we came, but as it turns out, everything we've tried on the menu thus far is DELICIOUS.Ambiance is classy and cool.  It's a nice location within the Palazzo hotel with lots of seats.  Service was also good, as my water glass was always full despite being very busy on a Friday night at midnight.We got:MOQUECA MISTA - shrimp, squid, sea bass, coconut milk, roasted cashew, dende oil, chimichurri rice - $29 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushisamba-las-vegas?select=T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uA#T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uAThis thing is the BEST EVER.  Creamy Thai-style curry taste (hence coconut milk) with the delicate seafood mixed in with bits of crushed cashews, giving the dish great texture.  Rice was served within the sauce mixture as shown; the rice soaked up all the sauce, making every morsel DIVINE.  I thought after a while the dish would get too rich-tasting, but somehow I kept gobbling and gobbling until the plate was empty!EL TOPO SUSHI ROLL - salmon, jalapeño, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzerella, crispy onion - $15 (forgot to take a pic; too excited about the moqueca mista)Very unique roll with interesting flavors and textures = Delicious!CHICKEN TERIYAKI - Samba Style organic chicken, aji amarillo, purple potato mash, crispy onion - $26 (again forgot to take a pic...)When I saw the huge price tag I thought "WTF?!", especially for a seemingly simple plate as chicken teriyaki (my friend ordered this one so I had no control).  BUTTT I'll have to say that it was probably the best teriyaki chicken I've ever had in my life!  Super juicy fillets of teriyaki chicken, pan fried (I think) to a crisp.  The sauce was perfect; not too saucy, not too dry, and definitely not overpowering to the dish.As with all finer dining restaurants, especially on the Las Vegas Strip, I did think the prices were a little inflated.  Hence the lack of that final star.  However, probably one of my favorite places to eat while in Vegas.  I'll definitely hit it up again on future trips.  They have a good happy hour too (both early evening and late night), so I'll have to take advantage of that next time! :)

Just tried Create tonight on a date with the hubby.  Great place to build your own burger and custard sundaes!  Too many choices for me, so I opted for the pre-designed option:  The Abstract Burger (veggie) made Renaisance-style (provolone, pineapple, onion, tomato, terriyaki sauce) on a Hawaiian bun with sweet potato fries.  Yum!  Next time I'd like to try the Portobello burger...and opt for a wheat bun and maybe get a little more creative with toppings, but the combinations are endless...The options for the custard is just as abundant!  Candy, nuts, berries, sauces...and of course the pre-set combos.  I tried the Berriesoho sundae in a cone...strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, whipped cream, and vanilla custard.  I think it was the first time someone asked for a sundae in a cone, but it worked.  The only problem was that it was melting faster than I could eat it, but still very yum!Great place for ppl who like choices and want to be creative.  The people who work there are very friendly and the place is kept clean.  It's a little too pricey for me to be a "regular" place to eat, but I will definitely go back again.

I cannot explain how much I love the food here, especially the Fungi pizza. to.die.for. They have a great happy hour menu from 3-6 and all day Sunday, which I appreciate.  The service is hit and miss.  If only they could be more consistent with the service, this place would knock it out of the park.

Very slow and unresponsive service, at one point the waitress didn't stop by for 20 minutes.   The food took over 45 minutes and was cold when it was served.  $300 meal for 4 people, better to spend your money elsewhere.  Only good point was the key lime pie.

My partner and I went to Eddie's House prior to her art show opening at a nearby gallery.  We planned on Eddie's as a start to a very special evening.  We were seated on the patio and it took our waiter 7 minutes to greet us and ask us if we would like drinks.  We ordered drinks and waited another 10 minutes for them to arrive.  When he brought them he made no mention of the long wait.  We ordered an appetizer to share and then a large vegetable platter to share as our main course.  He brought everything out at once which was not what we asked for.  We ate our dinner and asked for the bill upon completion as we were leaving to get to the art show.  We waited and waited...and waited.  I went inside to try to find him with no luck.  20 minutes later he brought the bill out.   The food was average and over priced.  We were charged for a small dish of extra pita bread to supplement the original small serving that arrived with the hummus.  All in all it was a disappointing experience due primarily to the dismissive behavior by our waiter.  I called Eddie's House the next day to share my feedback and got Eddie on the phone.   I started telling him about my experience and he he acted like I was interrupting him.    He asked if he could call me right back and confirmed my phone number with me.  He never called back.  I will never return to Eddie's House after this poor example of customer service.  There are too many other quality restaurants in Scottsdale to dine in who treat customers like they are worth the effort to be courteous.

Went with family and thought food tasted a bit like cafeteria food. Overall, my family loved it. I was just not too "Krazy" about it.

To be hnonest, I have only eaten here a few times, but I ALWAYS use them for catering. Today was no different. Perfect in every way. Thank you Mitch(owner) for all of your hard work.  Great service, thank you!

What a great neighborhood find! I live just around the corner and was so exited to find a new regular place to go out to eat! The place has a great atmosphere with an old Chevy Right in the center. The staff could not be any more friendly either! When it comes to the food, you can't go wrong! The fried chicken is to die for, and I can't wait to come for breakfast to try the berry granola pancakes. I give it an A++!

the quick and dirty - on a great placeAtmosphere: Cafe Vasco Da Gama (henceforth referred to as CVDG) has been around for a while.  A cafe that serves food, it's offend crowded with couples and busy working professionals - its a great place to see and be seen and ironically one can even hide away here! (go to the back!)Food: Tunal Burger?! Yes please - a specialty of the place, CVDG surges paninis, soups, deserts and coffee that are both temptingly good and filling.  Never had a bad meal here.Service: since the place can be quite crowded, be prepared to wait a little bit to be seated.  Choices are made in person at the counter, and food is delivered to you once its ready.  Minimal service, but always pleasant and courteous.Pop in for a bit during the work day but my favourite time to visit is during the early hours of Sat / Sun - people are a lot more relaxed and there's a general sense of easy about the place as people are inclined to be a lot more mellow.  Summer times even bring a few outdoor tables for some open air render-vousYou should go :)

This place is horrible, I wouldn't feed this to my dog. It is however tasty and greasy if you haven't a  palate.

This is such a cozy place! I had no idea it was right around the corner for me. 4 weeks into going Vegan and I was starting to feel like my only option at any restaurant or cafe was lettuce topped with veggies. Not so at Sunrise Coffee! I'm finding lots of other places offer items as well, but menus need to be asked for.The coffee was delicious, and just as beautiful to boot! The food was great. I had the Alien Burrito, and my boyfriend had the nomnom burrito. Both made vegan. No complaints from either of us! Prices are fair. The staff is adorable and friendly! Support local, and keep this place alive!!

Mmmm I love Buffalo Grill!! If ever I am feeling in a serious need for some meat, this is always my first and last port of call as it always does the trick. Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Buffalo Grill is a great place for students to go for lunch or dinner. I completely and utterly adore Buffalo Grill's burgers. The staff always ask you how well you want your meat cooked, as it always comes out exactly how you have asked it to be done. I tend to order their Diablo Burger, which comes with sour cream, guacamole and jalapenos peppers so it is pretty spicy but amazing. The burgers come in two different sizes, and I always order the smaller version as that fills me up and costs about £5 and the bigger size costs about £7. The burgers come with fries, salad and, my favourite, pickles! Buffalo Grill also serves a huge variety of different Scottish steaks which cost no more than £10 - what a bargain! But the Buffalo Grill is not just a place for meat eaters, as they have a main menu which offers a good selection of vegetarian dishes too such as crepe's and eggs Benedict. A variety of deserts are also available including crepes and pecan pie which is amazing. Buffalo Grill also allow you to bring your own booze which is a much cheaper option than buying alcohol in a restaurant. I completely adore this place and cannot recommend it more highly - GO!!

Mexican food in the UK has been grievously disappointing, both in price and representation.  Gone are the days when $4 can score me a half-pounder cabaza/lengua burrito.Tex Mex was the last I expected this far up north.  Scotland rocks.Let's do this bullet-point style:Margaritas - decent tequila content and thoroughly slushed.  Nothing more annoying that semi-icy concoctions that don't travel up straws well.Much respect for carrying Dos Equis, Corona, Sol, Modelo and that obscure little label Pacifico.Tequila - they carry the good stuff; these guys have done their homework.  Gun for the Anejos.  Don Julio Gold Anejo was my pick.Floutas - more like giant taquitos, the corn tostada-wrapped chicken is deep fried to crunchy perfection.  Topped off with salsa, sour cream and guac it's what I'd expect to see in higher-end Mexican restaurants in LA or San Diego.Carnitas - the pork was served in cubes and was much too salty, unfortunately.Enchiladas - covered in a healthy layer of cheese to be called such, it's an accurate enough representation of what my Mexican friends' moms would make at home. Approved.

I really wish that I lived closer to one of the Crackers locations, because their breakfast menu rocks! After a field trip to IKEA with my mom and sister we decided to grab a bite to eat, I knew that Crackers had recently opened nearby, so we stopped by. The inside is very cute, feels like you are in someones country home. The menu has a huge variety of breakfast dishes, sandwiches, salads and soups. On weekends, they serve breakfast all day! I got the Carnitas breakfast skillet, and let me just say, they seriously have some of the best carnitas in town, no joke! The pork was so tender; covered with jack cheese on a bed of potatoes, heaven! My sister got the BLT, and they were not skimpy on the bacon! I have had some of their soups before, and let's just say, the Cream of Spinach & Artichoke is like heaven in a bowl! So rich, and creamy, it is like eating dip without the chips! They are only open until 2:00, but it is great spot to grab a bite to eat for breakfast or lunch!

One of the better breakfast places on this side of town, good selection, nice staff, not too busy

I do enjoy the food here . Finding good island food like how you would get in Hawaii is state find in Las Vegas. My favorites are the Kalbi, Fried rice and the weekly specials. My wife insists we come every Tuesday for the Fries Noodles. All dishes are ample portions. Most like you will have leftovers for the fridge tomorrow. The Chantilly vale is to for. The live music on the selected weekend is a treat. Service here is always on point. Keep up the great work it's like you on an island in the middle of the desert.

Eh, but better airport food then usual

If I HAD to eat one buffet every day this would be the one I would pick..The long lines are a minus,but that shows others  [mostly locals] also feel as I do.

Service was slow and the food was horrible!!!! With 4 exclamation points. We went through the drive-thru and the handwritten sign says pull forward to order, so we did. The guy didn't come to the window for 7 minutes. Then he asks us to wait another couple of minutes to take our order. At that point we should have left. But I was curious as to see what the rave was all about on the Travel Channel. When we finally get our order taken. We ordered a Pastrami Sandwich and Garlic Fries. Not only was the wait to order long the time to get our food was even longer. Total time 25 minutes, no I'm not joking.As any fast food eating American would do we pulled out the Garlic Fries and took a few out while we were driving away. Yes they were hot as expected. But they were so salty and hardly any garlic flavor. We were expecting minced garlic and to our surprise it was only garlic salt with more salt - YUCK.The pastrami was very thinly sliced but was very fatty. Not typical of "LA Style Pastrami" as advertised. The sandwich roll was hard and not fresh. Could it get any worse - YES, the pickle was not put in a separate wrapper as I asked, so the pickle juice made the inside bread soggy. I do not like pickles on my sandwiches. The portion of pastrami was very skimpy. IMO - This place is not worthy of any publicity on national TV. It is expensive and the food is CRAP. If you are in Los Angeles got to the Hat, you will not be disappointed!

If you go to Happys , you become part of the Happy's family! Great variety, simple good food with generous portions! We love Leo, Donna and the entire crew. Try it you will love it!

Pros: Great sushi, especially for AYCE!!  Whoever posted that their rolls are mostly rice, are completely Wrong!  In comparison to other AYCE sushi places, they have very little rice.  Great big portions of fish, etc.  Maybe at one point they did mostly rice, but not since Nov 2011.  Nice servers. LUNCH AYCE was approx. $20/person Cons: It was super super hot in there.  I had to go outside a couple times to cool down.  They must have had the heater cranked up. Finally told them about the air temp and they were kind and turned it down (still a little hot).  Also, the sushi rolls were taking FOREVER to come out.  That was the longest wait for sushi rolls I had to wait for.  They were good and fancy (seemed to be made w/extra love), but if you are in a hurry, I would sit at the bar!  Not a very large place.  Not really good for big groups. Ok atmosphere-nothing fancy.  Overall, good place and would recommend it and would go back...prob sit at the bar! :P

Thank goodness for good company! Though the service was great... the rest was.. not so much. First strike: the filthiest wine glass I have ever seen. And I normally don't pay attention to such things.. good thing I did!! Secondly, the ginger dressing was quite odd. Not what Im used to, and very 'mayonaise-y' (creamy).  And while the rolls were quite good, nothing stood out as fantastic about them. The tempura flakes on one of our rolls were definitely stale.  (unless chewy tempura flakes are the new thing...?) next time I'm in the Queen City, I will skip Room 112. Sorry (as for the filthy wine glass, it was replaced even after the wine was poured in... the bottle was replaced as well).

The food is just amazing! A burger is about $6 then you pay around $1 for whatever you want to add to the burger (bacon, pickle..). $3 for fries and you have an option of regular fries, sweet potatoes or mixed! (I recommend the mixed one).$6 for poutines! (which are really good!)Drinks are $2-$3. I usually take a coke and for $1 more, I get a scoops of vanilla icecream added to it! (just amazing)!

I have been to this place for 3 times now... Their service sucks... Quality of food is worst... I had papaya salad and chicken fried rice last time and I had food poisoning and I threw up on my way back to work.... I am not going back again

Great hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale!  We had an Amazon deal to use and decided to stop in for lunch with our furry friend this weekend.  The staff was so nice and welcoming to us and our dog on the patio.  We tried a pretzel with mustard, chili with noodles and cheese, the tomato and mozzarella sandwich with pasta salad and a homemade prickly pear cream soda.  Everything was fresh and delicious and a perfect lunch!  Highly recommend!

Cherries has the potential to be a decent diner in Market Square, but they don't quite deliver. I stopped here for a late breakfast and grabbed a stool at the counter. The place was packed, which isn't saying much when the max capacity is like 30.Anyway, it took awhile to order, even just to get a cup of coffee. It seemed like they had enough staff, but what they were all doing, I'm not sure. So I finally got my over-easy eggs (yolks already broken), bacon (crunch, crunch) and potatoes (eh). Oh, the toast was good. I was so hungry, I didn't even care at that point.So, I finished the meal and waited, waited, waited for my check. Thankfully, it was fairly inexpensive. I was happy to pay and leave quickly to find a real cup of coffee somewhere else.

One star for the atmosphere besides that the food was really bad I got the grilled cheese sliders and they were just plain gross. The cheese was nasty and tastes like it was fried in old grease. Harsh I know.

Very good Mexican spice coffee, the prices are a little on the high side but worth it when you get fresh ingredients in all the food!

I've been to Mundo twice now, and highly recommend it.  It is a bit pricey, but well worth it.  The service this time was not great, but the food was fantastic.  I had the sea bass, which was amazing.  It came with vegetables and was quite spicy, which I like.  When it arrived it was still wrapped in the paper pouch in which it was cooked, so that was a bit of a mess.  I get it...  It keeps it warm and tastes very fresh when you open it yourself.  But then I had this big piece of soggy parchment on my plate.  I had to ask a waiter to take it away.  Otherwise, the flavor and texture were superb.  Despite the messiness, it's a dish well worth ordering.

What a GREAT experience!  Dinner was excellence and the drinks were strong.  The music is loud but you shouldn't be going here for a quite dinner.  This place is great for the beginning to your night out.  I recommend any of the steaks and the seafood platter.

SOOOOOO much fun!!!! We had a couch under the awning across from the Dj Booth and right next to the gambling tables!!! Perfect since we were gambling and Will I am was Dj'ing. We were seated next to two table of peeps in there 30's-40's and we all had a blast!!! This is not Rehab!! There was serious parting going on, including some slipping and sliding. The poles in the center of the pool brought out the inner stripper in a lot of girls who some how managed to have heels on up there??? The food and drinks were awesome and our server's Valerie and Will were so attentive!!  We did not meet the  minimum for our bed and she was able to quickly calculate the amount of shots required to meet our quota. again SO MUCH FUN!! I will definitely go back, you should too...unless your under 25 : )

Came on a monday afternoon for lunch. and it was delicious! I've only had tapas twice and there was not a thing we ordered that was not full of flavor and savored each and every bite. We oredered:Tuna Peppers: Sweet with a little kick. loved the different testures of this dishceviche of shrimp: i didnt eat it, cause im not a fan of the shrimp. but my friends loved itstuffed dates: Hands down my fave dish of the afternoon. it was sweet and savory and tongasmic. Bacon, cheese, dates and a piece of nut in the center. How can you not love??Veggie & pork Empanadas: the veggie one was great and didnt feel like you were eating veggies wrapped in fried dough. it was smooth and great flavor. The pork was good but the veggie was my faveCamarones a la diabla: i didnt eat  the shrimp cause im not a fan of the shrimp, but the sauce that came with  it was  superb! we requested more bread and i lathered it up with the sauce and inhaled it! Albondigas: i love meatballs but i had better. the meat was a bit tough and not as succulant as meatballs should be. but it had delicious flavor. just the texture of the meatballs turned me offLamb skewers:  meat was a bit dry but non the less delicious! must eat with the mushroom, the sauce and the veggies  all together!Filet mignon sliders: yum yum yum!def will come back when im back in vegas!

My wife and I both lived in Thailand for many years and so we enjoy trying out Thai places in the Valley. We were not disappointed with Thai Chili. Pleasant atmosphere (just about the only Thai restaurant I've been to with tablecloths. This could be a mistake since the usual way to eat Thai food -- passing around and sharing several dishes -- can get messy). We shared larb gai (spicy minced chicken with mint and other things) and green curry. We can recommend both, and there was enough so we could bring some home. We had both dishes at "spice 10," and it was quite hot, the way we like it. If you prefer it milder just get a lower number.

well this one beats the other one in Chandler they have a few more trays and a nicer atmosphere. Everything I ate was real good from the creamy clam chowder to the desserts.This is my new favorite Chinese buffet in Arizona.A couple of things wrong were,my cake was still frozen and all the trays were not out at opening. They are new with new staff so I hope they iron out these problems quickly other than that it was a great buffet experience and I am going to put them on my top ten list for buffets.

Twist continues to impress.  Contemporary dining space with illuminated glass globes suspended throughout, outstanding view of the Strip, warm and efficient service, and incredible food.  What more can you ask for?Straight to the food.  The Hudson Valley foie. Presented two ways.  Poached (sous-vide) served with a horseradish emulsion, tart sauerkraut and smoky Morteau sausage.  A great savory balance between earthy, tart, smoky flavors all cutting the richness of the foie.  Second, "nuggets" of a foie terrine "glazed" with Glenmorangie dusted with sweet and spicy gingerbread power and hazelnuts.  The smoky undertones of the single malt accentuates the mineral, livery taste of the foie.  Delish.  Apple ice cream on the side; perfect.The Dover sole & prawns is hard to top.  The orange scented fish ("glazed" with orange cider) is brought to life by an earthy morel cream and vegetal flavors of turnips, coriander, and spinach.  The addition of prawns adds sweetness and a nice oceanic flavor.  Complex yet refreshing dish.The list of great dishes goes on and on.  The degustation menus are the best way to sample Twist.  Portions are scaled down so no risk of over eating (unless you have the six course grand desert).  Beautiful and delicious; just remember, you've been warned.  Note for beef lovers:  Twist offers the best priced Japanese A5 Wagyu steak in Vegas.  Offered as a New York steak;  10 ounces, $198.   Of course, eating this would be BORING.Multiple revisits, always a twist!

I love the food here, is it better than In n Out?  Not so sure.  The burgers are definitely fresh and delish.  I got a regular burger and fries and holy moly was it alot of food!  I think the little burger would have been fine and I could have easily split one order of fries with my two boys.  They fill up the cup of fries, which is a good size and then dump more into the bag!  I took off one half of a star because of the price, I thought it was pretty pricey for fast food.  I also took off one quarter of a star for the loudness, I couldn't even hear myself think in there because the music was so loud.  They lose another quarter of a star because they do not offer kids meals.  Now that I know portion size though, I can order more appropriately because we had a bunch of food leftover on our first visit here.  All of the employees are super nice and quick so all around I really like this place and would return.

After reading some of the reviews, I was hesitant to try MM. However, tonight was my friends birthday so we all met here for dinner...The ambiance of the restaurant is very "chain like", not really what I was expecting(yes, I do know it's a chain).Our server, Ashley, was very nice, and attentive. She didn't let any of our drinks go with out refills, and she split our large table's check for us with out us even having to ask!The food was pretty good. We had the drunken fun guy(?) appetizer and the BBQ chicken pizza. Both were good, not amazing, but good. Everything tasted a little 'processed' or maybe just not very fresh. The crust was good and crisp, but had an almost microwaved texture to it, like it was old...I might give them another try, I just don't know if it's really the place for me...

This is a good Hawaiian grill! The macaroni salad is the best around. Support your local businesses people! This is the best restaurant I've been to in this area.

I waited until I had a few visits to review Cartel.Firs and foremost, great coffee. I have ordered lattes, chai, dirty chai, and the cold brew (toddy). All have been delicious. The ratio with the chai/milk is pretty spot on and the cold brew is fantastic. I would say the cold brew is probably my go to drink from now on, though the dirty chai is delicious. The staff has always been very nice and helpful. Prices seem to be a tinsy bit high but the coffee is tasty so I keep going back. The shop is a littttle pretentious but not enough to deter me.Give it a shot, you'll love the drinks.

Nami is hands down my absolute favorite dessert establishment in all of PhoenixHere are a couple of words to describe Nami's tsoynami...YummyDeliciousWonderfulHeaven in a cupThe perfect dessertThe tsoynami's are home made vegan soy ice cream which you can choose several different topping options with...There are several fruit flavors as well as their own creations... They are all extremely delicious but I think my top 3 are as follows...1- Dough Boychocolate chip cookie dough and organic chocolate2-NO's 'n' Mintnewman's chocolate O's, mint flavor, organic chocolate3- Clunky Monkey (GF)fresh banana, organic pecans, organic chocolateThe customer service at Nami is wonderful as each employee is very friendly and knowledgable of the menu but they also provide very helpful tips Also, the cookies are fabulous, the cakes are scrumptious, and the coffee is perfect...

One of my favorite Thai food places in Vegas!

Because I've changed my eating habits and have successfully lost quite a bit of weight, I try to eat light for my mid-day meal. Today was an exception as Chef Craig wanted us to try out two special burgers...the Hawaiian burger and the Brie burger. My husband was able to try the Hawaiian last week, but this was my big chance and it did not disappoint. The Hawaiian is 100% angus beef (I get the 1/3lb burger) topped with delicious ham, melted swiss, avocado slices, thin sliced onion, tomato, mayo and crushed pineapple. I'm going to coin a 90's phrase that I feel is appropriate to describe this burger....orgasmic. Honestly. I felt the earth move when I bit into this burger. The creamy texture of the avocado paired so nicely with the sweetness of the pineapple. The saltiness of the ham was just right. It was sheer perfection between a sliced bun! The Brie burger is also 100% angus beef topped with thin sliced onion, tomato, sauteed mushrooms, and a slice of brie cheese. It is also amazing as well. The creamy yet tart flavor of the brie really lent itself nicely to the angus meat and even though my son likes his burgers grilled well done, it was still juicy and flavorful. I can't speak highly enough about NY Flavor. I can't wait to go back later this week to try something new!

Went here for dinner last night with two friends. As others pointed out, the decor is beautiful, rustic yet classy however the service was below average and the food was ok. Waitress forgot our wine order, had to come back to the table twice to ask us what we ordered. The food took an incredibly long time to come out and there was only two or three additional tables filled. We asked to have the bill split three ways, it took the server three tries to get it correct. Overall, it's probably a nice bar to enjoy a drink but I would not recommend it for a nice dinner out.

We stopped here for a quick appetizer and drink because my fiancé is a HUGE Ramsay fan.  We got the American Kobe beef sliders (wtf is that really?) which were about $18 for 2, but well worth it (especially when our entire tab was comped by Trent's casino host).  The presentation was whatever and the price was high, but let me just say that those things melted in your mouth. It was like eating a filet mignon mini-burger.  Fantabulous!  I wish we would have know that someone else was paying, because we definitely would have sprung for the Beef Wellington for 2.  Oh well, live and learn.

Given the typical airport food joints, Beaudevin is a breath of fresh air in the midst of CLT's chaos. Great place to spend some time in between flights. Wine list is pretty good and the small plates are perfect pairings.

HAPPIEST HOUR! We went to the Fleetwood Mac concert at US airways last night and one of our group had heard that they have an amazing Happy Hour. They couldn't have been more right...They have a nice selection of draft beers (not super extensive) but either 2 or 3 bucks at Happy Hour, and some killer selections of food for the 3-5 dollar range. The staff was very friendly and the vibe was great for pre gaming before a show. This is my new stop before any concert or event downtown.

My wife called to ask if they had a happy hour. The guy that answered said yes, please see it online. My wife looked and when we got here (I'm here now lol), they said "oh yea our website is old. Strike one. Seaweed salad small. Edamame small. Strike 2 was when i asked for a table away from the front door and was told they were "reserved".  At 530pm!? ok !The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. Strike 3 was when they brought out my order with only half of the nigiri. Weird, if you write "1" for nigiri it's literal, not in pairs as about every other sushi place I've been to for 20 years all over the globe, does!Well I asked for the rest of the order and I was told if have to be out at the back of the line. Meaning I'd be waiting much too long. Ridiculous. The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. Sakana and Mido are better in all ways. I'd be surprised to see them make it to 2014.

Fantastic! I've watched shows where the host goes to a restaurant, tries their foods and explains the flavors, textures, and so forth. I never really understood until I came to this restaurant.So I'm going to keep it simple: this restaurant's food is clean, fresh, made to order. You can taste every single ingredient, layer by layer. A must go-back-to.

If you like trendy joints check it out. The one guy had good customer service since he switched an order to something else nicely. The breakfast not that good. Their specialty are the burgers!! You cant go wrong. The truffle fries are freakin amazing! I requested for sweet truffle fries (sweet potato fries). The rosemary pancake with 3 strips of bacon was def not worth the money. Coulda made that myself.

Amazing foooood!!!!That calamari is to die for, it has slices of fried jalapeno and freshly made tartar sauce that has a kick of lemon. The 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich is superb! It tastes like a crispy calzone and when paired with the homemade tomato soup it is magical. lolThis is not your traditional pizza place it's fresh it's gormet and FULL of Flavor!! The salads put some high dollar restuarants to shame.LOve Love Love

Loved this place! Sat out of the patio today for lunch to watch some of the opening day Red Sox game. Food is amazing. Ordered the Ipswich fried clams which were relish and straight out of a Cape Cod menu. Husband had the Italian, which was enormous and enough to bring home half for dinner. Beer selection - more than worthy. I had the Lobster Roll lunch special and was everything I expected it to be. Thanks for the Cracker Jacks Tim! This place is great, be back very soon

I am saddened by the demise of this restaurant.  We walked in and had to "yoo hoo" to get server/hostess attention. The restaurant was pitifully empty on a Saturday night at 7:30. We ordered our usual chicken satay appetizer which was not "as good as usual", meat was on the dry side and the peanut sauce was lumpy. As wew waited for our food, I saw a bug on the floor which i had to deal with under the weight of my flip flop. It was then that i noticed how utterly filthy the floor was.  My husband agreed, the place had undeniably succumbed to a fate several ethnic restaurants at this very location have suffered.  We pondered what else could be unwashed beside the floors and what else could possibly be creepy crawlin around the kitchen. I left with the heebie jeebies and we both agreed we would not venture back. So very sad :(

Whenever I am in this (LAME) part of town, I try to go to this little restaurant. Today I had their chicken enchiladas with mole. Always amazing! Love this place and wish they would be closer to the west side!

We ordered a 10" pizza with gluten-free crust... with feta cheese and mushrooms, and fries. They said delivery would take about an hour, and they were right. We're literally a mile from them so that was kind of crazy but they told us ahead of time so not a huge deal.I can't comment on what the restaurant looks like on the inside because I've never been. We'll order again but the lack of cheese will ensure that this isn't our regular pizza spot. Even with us getting *extra* cheese, there still wasn't a lot. I'm a total cheeseaholic, so that was disappointing.Food was hot and fresh, flavors were great, delivery driver was friendly. Can't really complain. :)

I REALLY ENJOYED THE FOOD!  Very creative Hispanic dishes and cocktails as well. The atmosphere is quite nice as well. This place is brand new and has the formula down pat.  GO NOW GRASS HOPPER!

I'm just an avid Sushi lover in a town filled with Japanese-influenced cuisine, but it isn't as easy to find a great restaurant for such a raw delicacy as you might think. Furthermore, it is even more difficult to find a place that has delicious cocktails, scrumptious food, great and welcoming staff, AND a vivacious ambience. Do i need to say anymore? Come see why Kanji has such a high rating for yourself.

