The first time I have ever asked my server to get me the recipe for a dish! The Carolina coastal catch is hands down one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great place to celebrate our anniversary!
The guy that helped me was very nice. However for $7 I expect more out of my sandwich. I had the tuna salad, which wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. Honestly I could get a better, less expensive sub at sub station two or Harris teeter.
I love this place!  Huge variety of pancakes and more on the menu.  All very tempting, but from the first time we visited we tried the Eggs Benedict and have been hooked ever since!!The Hollandaise sauce is the best I've had ever - anywhere!  And the potato pancakes that come with them are to die for!!  I don't know how they do it, they are thin, crisp, potatoey and very onioney.  I love them!!  It only makes me sad that I live in Durham and only get to this place about once a year.I did switch once and try the Dutch Baby, which was big and lovely and tasty with all the powdered sugar, butter and lemony, but I really missed my eggs bennie and potato pancakes and have never looked back.  Oh, you must try it and btw, get the sour cream and applesauce for the tater pancakes.
Ever just want excellent Mexican food for your party, just like Mama used to make but without the days of preparation and cooking?  We ordered from Comedor's catering menu:  green chicken enchiladas, chicken flautas (substitution of their tacos) and rice for our Halloween party.  Surprisingly, Comedor also included a quart size of guacamole, salsa, sour cream and two big bags of tortilla chips.  Prices were extremely reasonable and the food was amazing!  I'm not a big green chili fan but I am now!  Chunks of fresh green chili on the enchiladas and boy, were the enchiladas plump full of chicken!  I've decided that I'll never slave over a kitchen stove to prep for a party or get together.  El Comedor's catering menu saved me tons of time and headache AND it was extremely affordable.  I got to enjoy our party and everyone couldn't say enough great things about the food!
The sandwiches are good and the people are friendly.  I like that they are open until 7pm, while most of the sandwich shops close much earlier.  The prices are kind of steep for what the sandwiches are so I marked a star down. I had the d.a.m. Sandwich and the flavors are good.  The coleslaw tastes fresh!  My husband had the bangers sandwich.  It was 9 bucks.  I like that they have the pickles in individual baggies so the lunchtime crowd can just grab and go. Also, they sell cookies and sweet treats.  So that's good.
I work in central Phoenix and have heard good things about the restaurant. Finally got there for lunch with a friend and we both found the menu to have many items that we would love to try. I decided to have the tuna steak sandwich. It was served open faced and seared which is perfect.  Was seasoned deliciously and accompanied by a fresh side salad.  We had a friendly server, Meggie who was polite enough to write down the name of wine we tasted.  I will be back...soon.
I give Cooperstown a five star - based on their pricing alone.  I ate lunch with 2 kids and our bill was $30 with tip.  The food is nothing fancy - just delicious and refreshing on a hot day.  The girls said their chicken fingers and mac and cheese was good and I really enjoyed the Ty Cobb Salad.  Also, love the giant glasses of iced tea.  The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall.
Great salads at a very reasonable price!
I used to be scared...I used to be petrified.  I was never one to branch out with my variety of cuisine, which meant that I never had Indian food before...until a couple of months ago when I was invited to a dinner party. And at Flavors of India...my Indian Food cherry was broken.I decided to review this place now...since I have experienced other restaurants since.  I tend to always come back to this location.  The place seems very clean, I love the Bollywood videos that they play, and I love the service.  And I think that they have the best buffet!  Now, I am really bad at names of the food that I order there (which is why I end up at the buffet...I may not know the names, but I know what I like looks like)See me there at lunch real soon :)
I have eaten here several times only because it it right around the corner from my house. The sushi was good the first time we ate there and has been down hill ever since. It tasted like the prepackaged sushi you find at the store and the rolls are so small. We ordered a philly roll and a california roll and all you can taste was the cream cheese and cucumber. Totally disappointed.
mmmm New Mexico style mexican food in Arizona! We ordered a number of plates and shared to taste a combo of things:  The Chile con (green) Carne & The Chile Relleno were my favorite! Cheese Enchiladas and Chimichanga were just good. Our favorite was the chicken sopapillas (w red sauce) and shredded beef gorditas. You can't find authentic gorditas anywhere but Texas and NM, so what a treat! Si Senor is very generous in their complimentary chips w 4 different salsas when you arrive then sweet sopapillas for dessert. (They might charge for a 2nd order of chips though -not sure, never had to order more -ask your server). Only negative I can express would be that they didn't have the soap filled in the men's restroom (per my husband ;)
This little hole in the wall packs some big taste. We came to this family-owned Italian restaurant to celebrate our friends' engagement.  They are regulars and said we'd love the food; they were right.  We were greeted warmly and informed that the food would take a bit longer due to a large catering order that the kitchen was also cooking.  No matter since it didn't seem like much of a delay at all.  We enjoyed bread, dinner salads, and conversation before our main courses arrived.  I had the chicken marsala and it was a generous helping of three pieces of moist chicken with a very tasty sauce and lots of mushrooms; I highly recommend this dish!  Believe it or not, I didn't have any pasta, but my friend's spaghetti and meatballs looked delicious.  I love little hole-in-the-wall places like this over a chain restaurant any day. The service is friendly and the food is good.PS-our friends are having Buon Gusto cater their wedding reception, which means I get more chicken marsala tonight--grazie!
Thank god for newer reviews... I should have listened to them!!!Been here a few times before back in like 2003-2004 time frame. Remember the food and experience to be much better back then. Was in town visiting and wanted to return to this place again. Yes it was the same old place but the food was pretty crappy. Service it HORRIBLE and these people working there lack major personality. There was constant confusion as to if we ordered or not, what we ordered, and so forth. The server was actually a bit rude I thought constantly rushing us and reaching across me constantly to take silverware and plates from other side of the table, and at 2 minute intervals???Will not return. Seriously if you are pissed to do this type of work then get a new job. If you run a restaurant you better be a little personable.
I haven't lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years, and even now after all this time, on a Thursday night I wish I was still lived in Oakland so a few friends and I could hit up Fuel for some dinner and drinks. Fuel is the best place in Oakland at night, particularly if your over 21. It's a little crowded but the beer selection (100 different varieties) is the best virtually anywhere. The half price menu starts at 11, so you can go there get dinner and drinks with some friends and it's a good night. The food is always excellent, and after 11 a good value. The service is always good. I love the ambiance of the place, but I could see how people could find it irritating. It's loud (particularly when there is live music) and it is crowded. However in my four years going to fuel this never once dissuaded me, because the half priced menu is just too good and trying the new beers is just too much fun.
Ahhhh the Melting Pot. Where do I begin...this restaurant is a little slice of heaven. The Melting Pot is great for a girls get together and anything in between. The cheese and chocolate fondues are my favorite.
I'm always on the lookout for your basic meat and 2/3 restaurant so when I saw La'Wan's in a strip shopping center on South Tryon, I thought I'd give it a try. The service was immediate and attentive. They have a buffet and a menu from which to order. I chose the buffet because I wanted some vegetables. Although the food tasted fine, the buffet is very limited in choices: salad, cabbage, fried chicken and a couple of other choices. This would have been OK except that they charged over $9.00 for it. If I go back, I should probably choose from the menu.
My girlfriend's family was visiting from Milwaukee. They wanted to go out for a nice dinner that would be suitable for Grandpa and a celiac diet.  We decided on the Stable Grill. It was the perfect choice.Before dinner we all had a few of their famous old fashioneds.  Korbel is their rail brandy so you know they are going to be good.  Her dad loved the meatloaf. It had a mushroom sauce that he raved about.  I had the ribs which were solid.  They came with these buttered red potatoes that were simple but delicious.  My GF had the perch which she thought were some of the best she's had.The Stable's ambiance is quite remarkable.  It is basically an old stable fitted with a full bar and dining room.  Old wood floor, rock walls, a huge barn door and rickety stairs leading to a second floor. A lot of trendy places aim for the kind of ambiance the stable offers but you cant duplicate authenticity.All in all this is a supper club style dining experience in a cool old time setting.  If you are looking to try something off the beaten path and are tired of sweet potato fries, trendy aiolis, beet salads or whatever the latest foodie flavor is this week, the Stable Grill at Quiveys Grove is just right.
Sows of all ethnicities are welcome at China One!China One is a massive Mongolian-Chinese buffet. The restaurant is never too full, in a great location, features reasonable prices and most of the offerings tempt repeatedly. There are a couple of issues, though. The service is pedestrian and too carefree; the servers are space cadets and rarely present timely. Drink plenty of fluids ... then drink more ... the food is liberally laced of delicious MSG. As expected, the sushi is old and a health risk with every swallow greatly increases.The review reads a little negative, but China One is a sensational guilty pleasure for its price. If you see me at the buffet line, though ... step aside and give respects.
I've been here about 5 times total, and I am completely unimpressed. The food is overpriced and just not worth it. I have no problem paying for a good meal, but this wasn't a good meal. I could have made what ended up on my plate from the contents of my refrigerator and it would have tasted better. The one caveat to my "My Florist has crappy food" attitude is the cinnamon scones. These are absolute heaven. Too bad I won't be back for them, as getting one means dealing with the rude staff. Out of the five visits, only once was the service decent, and I think it was only because my dining companion knew the server. That's bad. I never went in dressed like a bum or treated the staff obnoxiously, but yet the staff had no problem treating me like a second class citizen who didn't belong in the restaurant. I don't know what kind of qualifications you have to have to get decent service here, but I obviously don't have them. I won't be back ever. It's a shame, too, because it is within walking distance.
Va Dang is pretty darn delicious. I prefer Pho Thanh, but thats my taste. I like the broth better at Pho Thanh, however Va Dang has way better deserts available.
Funky strip mall like location but great food. Got some free drinks, I was stoked. Great tapas to share, good for light eaters or to hold over a drunken hunger with out making you sick. Just say no to a buffet it will not be pretty, stick with FireFly for great tapas!
Best sushi in the valley!  Not only is this in my neighborhood; which makes it great, they have some of the best sushi around. Never too long of a wait and always quality service. Competitive pricing and large selection of rolls. Its nice to go back and get the same sushi chef each time.
We've been dying to visit this place for years! Why did we wait for so long??? On countless occasions, we've heard nightmare stories of waiting in line for three hours or more to be seated for dinner.  People seem to rave about the authentic and delicious Italian style pizza. We had to have a two hour lunch break on a weekday.  We took a gamble to see if we would be able to be seated within a reasonable amount of time and finally check this place off our list. To our surprise we were seated within 30 minutes and had our food brought out within 15-20 minutes. We had the 'caprese' salad and the biancoverde pizza with prosciutto added and it was INCREDIBLE!!! The salad was fresh and tasty and pizza here reminded us of great pizza in Italy! BEST pizza in the Phoenix metropolitan area! Note worthy food, but probably would not wait 3+ hours for dinner, but this is a wonderful place for lunch--if you have a longer break!Note: The website states, "Reservations accepted for parties of 6-10 when possible."
I don't go in enough for the morning barista to know my name, but she always phrases it as, "I'm sorry, I should know this, what is your name again?" and I find that charming.  The homemade whipped cream is almost impossible to resist - and if you're going to do that then you might as well have it be resting upon a large Velvet Mocha - one of the best coffee drinks in Phoenix.  I feel like I should bring my Powerbook every time I come here - and I even find myself counting how many non-mac users dare to crack open their cases.  Still, it's a fun little cafe with friendly staff and fabulous hot beverages. Bring an out of town SF or NY hipster who refuses to believe there is ANY culture in Phoenix.
Since we didn't hit Craftsteak on our last trip to Vegas, I made a point to eat here this time. No tasting menu this time now that my husband and I have lost 120lbs together and are just eating differently. So, we were a tad more conservative, but still splurged and left with our bellies full. We split the lobster bisque to start, which was good, but cannot compare to Kokomo's (which is now closed to make room for Tom's Heritage Steak BOO). I didn't like the large pieces of tarragon on top, which feels like chewing on pieces of grass, but it was tolerable. The lobster was nice and tender.For dinner we split the 10oz filet, the potato puree and the risotto.  This was still so much food! The risotto was made with butternut squash and prosciutto and was so rich and creamy and really wonderful. I know this is what properly made risotto tastes like and how easy it can be to get it wrong.  The puree and filet were absolute heaven.For dessert we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake and I was pretty disappointed. It was a small circle of mushy pumpkin with a vanilla cream of some kind on top of it. I hate to say it, but Cheesecake Factory cheescake was better than this stuff. Major bummer, thus the deletion of a star. When you pay $15 for dessert at a place like this, you want to shove your face it in and eat 15 of them, not just pick at it and wish it were more like at a chain where you hate their food.
Mediocre at best.. went there since it was in NY/NY and we were staying there.  Hungry and in the mood for Italian we went in... Service was good, the bread was awesome..Vegetable pizza dry, and without much flavor...  The swordfish was pretty good but again not much flavor.. keep in mind we had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry and tired and excited and didn't have any alcohol in our system... to me this is the time I would eat and enjoy just about anything!!... it was still mediocre at best..  Wouldn't recommend it and definitely not going to eat there again.
Nice breakfast good food and service they even have a little breakfast buffet i also like dinner here too all around a good place to eat!
Always delicious here and great staff! We enjoyed another wonderful dinner here just last night.
This place was sooo close to getting 5 stars. However, one thing changed my mind. I had a reservation in the lunch hours, and I was on time and on my reservation notes, I proposed a booth. It wasn't ready when I got there so we had to take a timer and stand around.30 minutes later we got the booth, and it was facing outside which was a good view. This is the only reason it didn't get 5 stars. The booth took way to long to get and even when I put it for in advance.The server was nice and quick, and explained the menu just right. The food was amazing! I love italian food and decided to go with lasagna, and it was hot and fresh tasting. It wasn't a loud place and was very clean. I wil love to come back to try something else on the menu.
It's taken me forever to get to Chelsea's Kitchen, a restaurant I've been wanting to try for years! I went there this past weekend and was so happy to finally head to this beautiful eatery that has a breezy island vibe with sprawling patios both at the front of the house and back.It's no wonder the spot was bustling when I went for dinner at 9 p.m. on a Friday night -- the mixed crowd of all ages packed the house, which had cozy booths and striking printed curtains that make guests feel right at home, no matter the crowd. The bar contained a few televisions with sporting events on, so you could dine in any type of atmosphere you wanted -- cozy dining room, spacious patio or at the bar.Our servers were professional and attentive, and the meal was fantastic and hugely portioned -- I took half of mine home. I loved the Lucy's "Spiked" Lemonade ($8) cocktail I got, with vodka, lemonade and fresh rosemary. It was refreshing and strong and didn't have a gross alcohol taste -- it was easy to drink and tasty.We started with the Guacamole and Chips ($10), which is pretty much a must-try since all the ingredients, including the chips and salsa, are all made in-house. The salsa had the perfect amount of spiciness (maybe a 7 out of 10), and the guacamole would have been great to eat on its own.For my meal, I tried the Shangri-La Vegetarian Burger ($12), which consisted of grains, nuts and seeds. I usually don't get French fries, but I did this time, and they had really great seasoning and the perfect amount of oil. The burger was tasty, but the consistency made it difficult to hold together. Not that it matters -- it was a great veggie burger that was really filling.Chelsea's biggest impression on me was the service of the staff, who made you feel welcome and valued from start to finish. It's no wonder people remain so loyal to the eatery -- it seems like a wonderful place for anyone to have a great meal.
This review is just specific to their lunch menu and lunch service. I took my mom to lunch after a busy morning of shopping at the mall. We were greeted right away and asked which we would prefer, a booth or a table. I love when restaurants give you a choice if either are available. Our server was very sweet, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Mom and I both had salads. The lobster Cob was so yummy! I almost ate it all and it was a good size! The only downside to the meal was that they charged me 3.25 for an unsweetened tea. What??! I should have ordered their house chardonnay for a few bucks more.. Oh well. Everything else was wonderful and I'll certainly return for lunch again soon.
So I have been a customer at Ticoz from literally day one.  I have been through the change in ownership and I have to say that the current owner, Joe, is so terrific!  He comes over and chats with us and is always so awesome and down to earth!  The food is even better lately (if that's possible) and they always go the extra mile to make your dining experience terrific.    I'm not someone who has been to this restaurant one time and is reviewing it......I am not a paid spokesperson!  Just a very satisfied customer.
This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. The bar is right in the middle of the casino at Palace Station. I was expecting an actual restaurant, not a bar with 20 chairs. There was a long line to wait to sit down so I figured it was definitely worth the wait. Luckily, I was with other people so I played Roulette while we waited to be seated. Once seated, they take your orders very calmly. They do not rush you considering there is a line of people waiting to eat. The food is cooked in steam pots instead of a gas burner.  I ordered the oyster bloody mary shooters and the Pan roast at level 7 hot.. This place is soo good I would recommend it to anyone...
Margherita Doc pizza was DELICIOUS, some of the best I've had, and we had GREAT service!!! Our waitress Natalia was fantastic and very informative...great first time experience :)
You get a lot of food. But quality is poor and prices are high. This place is overrated and priced too high!!!
My favorite Mexican restaurant in town. I think Taqueria Guadalajara has better food in general, but I prefer El Pastor. The tacos are just as good and it is easier to get to and always easy to get a seat; and the tacos are fantastic! The staff is very welcoming, making it easy to come back regularly.If you order one of the meals, get an extra taco a la carte. They are too good to come in here and not have at least one.
Very Disappointing is an understatement! Good China boasts on their website that they were the 2007 recipients of New York's Top 100 Chinese/Asian Fusion Award, and all I can say is that may have been so in 2007. However, Good China fails to live up to that reputation, today, 7-years later. My family has recently moved back to the United States from living in Singapore for the last 4-years, and we are originally from New York. So, we have a little knowledge in authentic Chinese food and Americanized New York Chinese food--and this eating experience really fell short.Starting with the appetizers, we had "Spring Rolls", and for those of you New Yorkers, most restaurants have flavorful "Egg Rolls" that are stuffed with a combination of pork, shrimp, cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, and Asian flavors. What we received were oil saturated "Spring Rolls". Because they were so oily, each bite oozed grease, canceling out any flavors from the vegetables and spices used. We could have literally squeezed out enough oil to reuse. We also ordered the "Crab Puffs", which many Chinese restaurants, including many in Singapore call "Crab Rangoon"--a type of dim sum. There was very little filling used inside the wrappers, and it seemed that someone might have been heavy handed with sugar, because they were incredibly sweet instead of savory. You could not even taste any crab (and they may have used imitation crab from the looks of it), nor could you taste the cream cheese since it had been turned into a dessert cream due to the over use of something sweet as a flavoring.What can I say about the "War Wonton Soup"? The proper name for this soup is "Wor Wonton Soup", but what we had was "Slime Soup". The wontons had been so over cooked that they melted off the filling, producing an off-putting slimy texture. However, the broth was okay--a bit on the salty side.Next, the main dishes we tried. We ordered "House Lo Mein". Obviously, they use Fettuccini Pasta instead of authentic Chinese Egg Noodles, this too was on the salty side and the meat was over cooked--not at all tender. We also had "Pork Egg Foo Young" (Egg Foo Yong), which were flat and cake-like in texture--nothing like Egg Foo Young. Egg Foo Young is, simply put, an egg omelet. Well, that is what it is in Chinese restaurants in New York and Singapore. How can you mess up an egg omelet? Oh, you can make it the consistency of cake! The sauce they use on top of it seems to be the same brown salty sauce used on other dishes we had like the "Garlic Shrimp". "Garlic Shrimp", in every place we have ever eaten it, is usually a light garlicky sauce--not a brown salty sauce with no hint of garlic taste.The "Sesame Chicken", we are still not sure if there was actually chicken inside the heavily battered nuggets--the chicken was hard and over cooked. It also tasted like someone had poured a whole bottle of honey over the nuggets--no sesame seeds in sight. In addition, if it could not get worse, when you looked in the container of this supposed "Sesame Chicken", it seems they spooned in all the burnt residual batter crust that sits within the oil used for frying--meaning they are not periodically cleaning and changing the oil between orders--gross!On the plus side, the "House Fried Rice" was descent, portion size was good, and the establishment looked clean. Overall, even though the prices are average, you are overpaying for poor quality food.
A few years ago, I would have given this location a 5 star review but it has gone downhill since then. They used to give discounts if you only got a few things in your burrito. They have continually raised prices while giving smaller portions. I'm pretty sure they use smaller spoons. And I get that they are a corporation and that the decisions aren't always up to them, but there is no denying the value has gone down hill. It's still good food, but not worth 9  dollars a person.
Very nice! Cugino's is one of the few true Italian delis in town, and they have a good assortment of what people from back East are used finding.Yes, there are plenty of popular favorites that we all know: pizza, meatball subs, chicken parmigiana, etc., and there are also some traditional Italian foods you might not be familiar with.I have an "old world" Italian heritage thanks to my mom. Every St. Joseph's day, she made arancini, and every Easter she made a pizzagiana. When I first found Cugino's I was floored! Arancini readily available! Mortadella in the deli case! Checkerboard cookies by the dozen! Frozen sfogliatelli to take home and bake!If you've been looking for food like Nonna used to make, or you're feeling a little adventurous, or you just want some good pizza by the slice, head to the University district and give Cugino's a try.
CHECK YOUR ORDER BEFORE LEAVING!!! I'm not one to complain or even care much when my order is messed up; as I work in the food industry, and understand that shot happens.. But it's happened more than 3 times now, at around 12 am- (not a busy time) Just make sure you get what your paying for, it's not fun to get home and not have someone's meal.
A sushi bar has to earn my respect. First pass is a quick look-through of the fish in the display. I try to be unobtrusive about it so I don't look like a tourist, but if it's stacked up and already cut, or if I see a big vat-o'-spicy-tuna-with-mayo, or a microwave on the back counter, I'll just flee, or I'll order California roll.Second pass is to throw down the gauntlet to the sushi chef. A triple-whammy order of tuna, fresh salmon and yellowtail sashimi. Typically this order will cost between $30 and $40, so it had better be the goddam best the chef has to offer. Kojisan did not dissapoint. Either later in my first visit or on my second when we had dropped the pretense, he stuck out his chest and beat it with a quick head nod to say he took pride in vanquishing my challenge with ease. It was at least as good as the finest fish I've ever had in the valley (cut and served by Sushi on Shea's KING of the Valley, "Fred"-san).Now, I have spent the last 10 years at Ayako, and over those years, I developed a scale of sushi that is "worth eating". At the lowest level there is "good", then "very good", then "excellent". And at the very top is "life changing". Ayako was always very good, usually excellent, and sometimes if you're lucky, life changing. Hana is always excellent and very often is life changing.Now I realize this seems to be a lot of hoopla about a piece of fish, right? I mean, come on. But if you're a serious sushicon (connoisseur), you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I know some supersnob sushicons won't look at it unless if's alive just before you eat it. Yeah, that's pretty much a life-changing experience every time, but hey, this is PHOENIX, for god's sake.The third pass is the whole, deep-fried ama-ebi (sweet shrimp). This is a test of their tempura batter, knowledge of just the right size of shrimp, how to prepare it (which pieces of the shell to remove), and of the simplicity in preparation. The resulting presentation can seem scary to the unwashed. Two big eyes are staring up at you, tentacles sticking every which way, now crispy and yummy, and my final squeeze of lemon completes it. The "brains" are the best part.The fourth pass is if they know how to make a proper tamago (cold egg, crepe-like thing). It's fluffy like pastry, and it has seemingly thousands of layers upon layers, folded over and over like the finest katana. Once again, Kojisan presented some of the finest tamago I have ever tasted.The fifth and final pass is the hardest to fulfill. Natto is fermented soybean, which when potent smells like the nastiest stinky socks you've ever experienced. Most American sushi bars won't serve it because it's just too offensive to nearby diners. Those that do serve a toned-down mild version that is like a strong cheese. Natto is best served stirred with soy sauce and topped with the yolks of quail eggs, sprinkled with finely cut dried seaweed. As you are ready to eat it, dump it over a piping hot bowl of rice and devour. Wanna guess if Hana serves it?The service at Hana is edgy. Service uniform is hip, and like most sushi bars, the staff freely yell at one another across the dining room. Although Kojisan keeps the A/C on in winter to flush out loiterers, and even though multiple busers swoop down after your last bite to clear your empty plates, you'll have to wait 45 to 70 minutes at prime-time on prime nights to be seated. This can be awkward in the small corner of the front part of the restaurant without glaring at other seated customers, willing them to get the heck out of your seat so you can sit down. Arrive before 6:40 or after 9:10 if you loathe the wait.Please don't try this restaurant. And please don't tell other people about it. There's just not enough room for us all.  LOL. Enjoy.
This place is a favorite of mine in Oakland. Great sushi and seaweed salad! There are a variety of other choices as well but I usually go here for the sushi. If you work or go to school in Oakland, it's a nice little place to grab lunch. But there is one caveat - if you arrive during the lunch rush, you may have trouble finding a seat and the wait may be a bit long. This can be problematic if you need to get back to work in a timely fashion. Otherwise this place is a favorite of mine. Ah, my eel roll has just arrived and my spicy roll is on the way. Time to enjoy! I encourage you to do the same.
Requested the Mac and cheese vegetarian and got a meat plate.  Then not checked on for 10 minutes and then had to wait for a new order.  F this place.  If given the choice of any other restaurant.  You should choose another place.  I waited almost an hour for some macaroni and cheese.  I could have drove home and made some kraft in a box for how long this isht took.
When I first moved to Arizona, I wanted to try new establishments I couldn't find back east. My friend who lives in South Scottsdale brought me here, and I'm italian, so I was excited. For being named "Sauce" its sauce wasn't too great. I ordered the caesar and spaghetti and meatballs. It was OK but nothing to rave about. I wouldn't recommend it, and I havent been back, but for italian and good sauces, I would prob go somewhere else.
The bun was good and the portions large. Went with Number 92. Beautiful traditional music and interesting Buddhist icons give it a touch of the exotic.  Service a bit slow and waiters never smiled, but acceptable.  Lots of other options in the area - would try something else next time.
We stopped by the buffet at Treasure for dinner before going to the Cirque de Soleil show. I'd never been to a casino dinner buffet before so I didn't really know what to expect quality-wise. I walked around & first got a plate of their "American BBQ" items. They seemed very bland so I decided to try again. Meh, not much better the second time with the pizza & other small items.I saw a lot of people at the pasta line so I figured I'd give it a shot. This time, I was satisfied. I got the lobster ravioli tossed with mushrooms in an alfredo / tomato-based sauce. It was delicious. I wish I wouldn't found this first because I probably would've just gotten two helpings of pasta! The desserts were also pretty good. There was a large variety and I tried out a few different things that I enjoyed. One of the highlights was the apple bread pudding.Would we stop again? With as much as Las Vegas has to offer, probably not, but it's definitely a convenient/decent option if you're at the hotel anyways.
I have been coming to this location for at least 6 years.  The quality of the food has gone down quite a lot this past year.  It used to be our family's favorite place to dine and have prime rib.  We brought some friends over for dinner last month and was very disappointed.  Also, they didn't cook the meat as we wanted.  When we complained they only offered to put it back on the grill. No apologies.  Service was mediocre and the quality of the meet is not as good as it used to be.  I am sad as i had hoped that things would be as they used to be... A quality dining restaurant.  I won't be back.
HORRIBLE! Awful service, burned food, dirty restaurant and cooks, ants on the tables, limited seating, the list could go on and on. The "Meal Deal" includes fries and a drink which is a can of Safeway brand soda. STAY AWAY! I will never go back to this place. If you want to overpay for food from a what looks like a dirty crack house, this is your place!
Mac n Cheese Squared!  That's all I have to say.Everyone else was trying to be healthy by eating a fish dish and salad or soup and salad, but c'mon when in a new place you have to try the signature dishes.The Mac and Cheese Squared didn't look even close to what you might get out of a Kraft box.  Instead it is a white gooey cheese pasta (not elbows) with mushrooms, bacon (big pieces), and a vegetable (?).  Absolutely delicious.But wait, one of the most important things....the decor.  You walk in and to your left is an enclosed room full of kegs.  You can see in via the glass and view the lines running from the kegs up to the ceiling.  Then you see huge chrome pipes running across the ceiling through the foyer into the restaurant and across to the center bar.  To add perspective we are taking about a hundred beers.Dafe
I honestly think it's cheap, convenient and the food is great (obviously, you wanna to go right when they open since it's fresh) i think for the theme and prices it's totally worth it, plus for sushi in arizona is not bad! the staff is friendly. I would rather eat here 100000000000 more than RA or Stingray sushi
We've been here a few more times and they do pay attention to the spice levels when we discuss with the order taker. If you make reservations, they set the table up and take you in right away. Much better to eat this way. Although we have ordered mild spiciness levels the last few times, I think I am going to give them a shot again next time and order the medium spiciness level. I think their food probably tastes best with spiciness at the medium level. I like their curries and vegetables better than the tandoori meats.
I have been to BLT burger multiple times and every time it is amazing! the burgers are great and served anyway you want them i am a med rare man and the last few times i have been there it has been 100% on! the staff is friendly and able to seat you super quick. the quotes on the backs of their shirts are not only funny but keep you entertained when you waiting on your meal to come. and the shakes are the best around having the choice between spiked and not spiked shakes is nice treat. (try the Twinkie shake) the kitchen is open so you see the cooks and the grill so you know your food is cooked in a clean environment. all in all the experience is nice and they are open LATE like a great Vegas strip eatery should be!!!! thank you BLT and see you next time i am in Vegas
The house beans and bread alone are worth a visit.  My favorite items on the menu are the burrata, bruschetta, the fresca salad with gorgonzola honey dressing, the Sorrento pasta with shrimp and pink alfredo sauce, and the Amatriciana pasta (just a touch spicy).  Great date-night ambiance inside, and the patio area offers a casual option too.
I stopped in here on impulse en route to Hobby Lobby and upon seeing it was 5:30 I realized I was in time for the early bird specials for $8.99.  I ordered the six-oz Sirloin with two sides.  This time I was aware in advance that when they ask you if you want toppings it costs extra even though they don't tell you about it.The green beans were probably saltier than is healthy and cooked in the "mushy" style, which I like fine, and had lots of good bacon pieces and flavor.  The Caesar salad couldn't have been much better, cold, crisp and crunchy with just the right amount of good dressing. The rolls are delicious but awfully sweet to blend with the meal, more like a dessert unto themselves, especially with the cinnamon butter.  I was impressed with the steak which was so thick it was almost an ovoid.  It was cooked more rare than medium rare but I like that fine, too.  The impressive part was how nicely the knife cut through it and how easy it was to chew.  I've gotten steaks twice in the last few months from Outback for a couple dollars more that were so tough you couldn't stab it with a fork, had to be a lumberjack to saw through it and it chewed like your grandmother's old shoe leather.   It was a real treat to eat this one and have it be the way a good steak should be.  I would come back easily, and hope I will sometime.  My only objection is that they constantly try to upsell you to drinks, appetizers, toppings, etc.  The waiter was very nice and efficient, I just don't want the times I have to say No, thank you to outnumber the times I say Yes, please.  It sets a tone of negativity in its own way.
A nice and affordable spot for a filling breakfast. I ordered two eggs, toast, sausage, homefries, and coffee for under $10. My food arrived almost immediately and it was delicious. My server was also very sweet and attentive. I will definitely make this a regular spot of mine.
First, I must disclose that being married to a Peruvian who is most demanding about about anything culinary and, particularly Peruvian cuisine, I have come to be somewhat more demanding myself. That being said, I would recommend this restaurant even though I gave it only three stars. We sampled the chicha morada, a non-alcoholic drink made from purple corn with some citrus and cinnamon added, and were comforted to find that it was fresh made (as opposed to mixed from powder).The papa a la huancaína (potato in a Huancayo style), a Peruvian staple presented in regional variations, was a good appetizer, its fresh ingredients noticeably tasty. For my own personal taste I would have preferred a touch of spiciness, but hey, this would not be a valid reason to down rate it.The papa rellena (potato with a meat filling) did not fare as well, the filling tasted a little on the greasy side.The seco de cordero, a sort of lamb stew with beans and rice, came in a very generous portion and did not disappoint. Again, the fresh ingredients carried the day!Unfortunately, we were to full to taste dessert, a project for another day.The service was very good, even my picky spouse agreed that it is a restaurant worthy of a return visit.
I have lived in the area for years and always passed this place wondering what it was.  Finally, my Husband and I decided to give it a try...we had no idea what to expect.  The place is very intimate.  Some of the tables are long with benched seating so yes there is a possibility you may sit next to strangers.  But who cares when the food is as YUMMY AS IT IS!!!  The menu pretty basic but has many options for a Pasties.  I ordered the Carne Adovada it was AMAZING!  My Husband got the Pesto Chicken he raved about how delicious it was (didn't try because I do not like pesto).  We ended with dessert some apple caramel sauce with ice cream it was to die for!
Blue Martini Loves the Ladies!! ....and we love you too! HAPPY HOUR 4-7PM DailyHalf-off Drinks and Appetizers
Came with a friend and his girlfriend on their recommendation about 2 weeks ago for AYCE cuz they said it was the best in town. We all ordered the all you can eat and began indulging in skewers, rolls, nigiri and just about everything. The food was just okay to me and on numerous occasions our server forgot a few of our items. For the same price for AYCE I would rather go to Sumo Sushi 2, and it's much closer to my house. The friends I went with who were raving about this place before we got there had even said the food wasn't as good this time around. Atmosphere is cool, young and trendy with some good music playing. Not cool enough to get me to go back for AYCE though... Would only go back if I was invited by friends again. Nobody in Vegas can dethrone Sumo Sushi 2 for "Best AYCE in Vegas" in my honest opinion!
Worst pf changs I have ever been to. Sat down and the sauces were all over the plates (dirty), then when the soup comes out my bowl was not clean, and lastly as my mother was eating our lo Mein she pulled out a piece of paper!! GROSS!! At least the manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but at the same time insinuated we had put the piece of paper there??? Who knows. Just don't go there!!!
Had been wanting to try The Outsider for awhile (saw they could do gluten free) and after soaking up some culture after day 2 at the museum, I had the chance.The blackboard specials looked promising and the prices did too with many dishes priced between £6.80 and £8.00 at lunchtime.I had hoped to get a table with a view over to the castle as I had my mum visiting but we had a table at the front which turned out to be fab! The window seats are uber comfortable with masses of pillows.I had the mussels in a cream sauce with parmesan, bacon and onion and for a nice change they came with chips instead of bread. My mum (it was girly Jubilee weekend) had the pork belly in a red wine gravy with sweet potatoes and she said it was fabulous (I didn't try as I'm Gluten Free and wasn't sure it was safe).Both were huge portions and we both loved our dishes. There were tons of mussels (only a couple closed) and the pail of chips seemed endless but fab with just the right amount of crispiness and some garlicky salt seasoning.The Outsider was very busy - staff were friendly and seemed to cope. I would definitely return for dinner as the food is fab and drinks are reasonable (£4 a glass if wine, £2.50 for coke) but this is a great place for a post museum lunch!
TERRIBLE!!!!!!! Went here on my birthday night ONLY cuz we we're staying at the Imperial Palace! Wish I'd have read the reviews ahead of time.... Spent $42 on an Old Country Buffet ripoff!! Terrible decor, uncomfortable seating, poor quality cuisine! DON'T GO!!!!!
A great selection of fresh and seasonal dishes. There's pretty much something for everyone here.
Service was very good.  I was a little confused by their menu, but the waiter explained it to me.  I was quite pleased with the food.  Much better than expected for the location (in a strip center).
This is a mediocre pizza place.  Edible, but not great.  I won't throw a hissy-fit going here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find this place.
Amazing!This small restaurant in Montreal had the most charming staff and extremely well cooked seafood. I highly recommend the fish bar. You can select an assortment of fish, mussels, clams, octopus, choosing just a few or a bit of everything. The chef cooks each perfectly then brings out several sauces to complement your options. I have to say, the flavor was so good I didn't add much in the way of sauce. I also didn't add any salt, which for me is unheard of. (I went with my mother who is not a fan of salty foods and she said it was perfectly cooked too, so I promise it's not too salty.)The server added fresh lemon zest, and was generous in pouring the wine. Not to mention the entire staff was friendly, entertaining, attentive, and welcoming. I can't wait to go back!
I've never reviewed a restaurant before, but I really wanted to share my appreciation for this place. It is my favourite restaurant in Waterloo and the food is normally fantastic. On my most recent visit, one item was slightly less superlative than usual, and when I commented on this to the server the manager not only came to apologize but also gave me a voucher worth significantly more than I paid for my meal in the first place. This is the best service I have ever experienced, and in combination with the pleasant, sophisticated atmosphere and wonderful food I would have no hesitation in unreservedly recommending the Bauer kitchen.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? An amazing hidden culinary treasure, this quaint cafe will have you coming back for more. Family owned and French cuisine inspired, this place has some of the best sandwiches, soups and pastries I have had in Las Vegas.I first visited this restaurant for a relaxed lunch with my girlfriend while driving around town... And boy am I glad I did! Walking into this place you are immediately greeted with a warm welcome by the owner and by the sight of delicious deserts and treats. From coffee to panini to creamy and tasty soups, this place has something for everyone.We started off with a chicken pesto panini and a cup of squash soup, both of them amazingly good. By the flavor of our meal we could tell everything is made fresh that day (so the later you make it there, the slightly more limited your choices might be) and prepared to order! Please make sure to arrive hungry so you can try the peach or the pear pastry... You will love them.Note: this place is a bit difficult to find so refer to the yelp profile picture which has the accurate location on it. Lastly, please beware they close at 4pm, so this is a breakfast and lunch spot.
So many people talk about the competitors around Sin City, but most of them cannot even compare. The service was endearing and the food is delicious. I also appreciate the fact that when the uni was not up to standards they warned us, gave us a taste, and did not hold it against us when we did not like it either.For starters; baby tako, soft shell crab, and baked green mussels are the way to go. As for rolls, many of them come heavily sauced. I am not the biggest fan of that, but the one's without kind of fell flat. They need to meet somewhere in the middle. The Ugly was tasty, but three different dressings and the amount was overkill. The Sapporo Crunch Roll was one that stuck out because of all the different kind of veggies. The generous amounts of avocado and less rice was much appreciated. Their hirame does not come with a ponzu or anything, so I could tell that it was fresh.Now a days, I have turned into a senior citizen and eat dinner around 5. It was nice to meet some of my Yelpie friends here for a late dinner. Even though I did not eat as much as I would if we had met earlier, I still left feeling full without feeling like dying. We sat until almost closing and no one rushed us out. The restaurant looks like it is ran by a family and they definitely treat their guests well. I would make this a regular haunt.
First things first, food/beer was phenomenal (pretzels w/ multiple mustard choices, chicken pot pie is out of control - ask for some tabasco to take it to the next level)One problem - I was not sure for half the night if it was a gay bar?? - the bartenders (all dudes with schmedium t-shirts and the same crew cut) -- this is Las Vegas, not the castro, get with it and hire a few knockouts to get behind that bar and do you proud
My boyfriend surprised me with two nights at TSR for our anniversary. I have reviews of our experience of the hotel and the spa but wanted to write a separate review for  our experience at Orange Sky.As my other reviews stated, service at this hotel overall is a bit mixed, maybe 2.5 stars at best. When we checked in at the desk on the Casino floor before going up to the restaurant, the man at the desk asked for our name and asked what time our reservations were for. We gave him the information and he asked again what our name was. I could clearly see were next on his list of names. We repeated it and then he just said 'ok', and another man walked over and hit the button to the elevator. No smiles from either, no 'have a nice dinner'. Neither one of them said anything more to us and it almost felt like we were interrupting their conversation. Upon arriving on the 15th floor, the hostest informed us that our table would be about 10 minutes even though we were right on time. No big deal, we just took a seat in the lounge area and waited to get a drink. Our pre-dinner cocktails were okay but the service was slow and without a smile.  What are these people so crabby about? In addition, rather than take our order after having the menu's for 5 minutes, our waitress waited at the bar for what seemed like forever for 4 glasses of water to be filled for another table and chatted with the other waiters. Luckily once we ordered our drinks, they arrived fairly quickly and we were able to have one drink before our table was ready. Shortly thereafter, we were summoned to go with a hostest to our table. We were lead through dancing couples on the dance floor and were sat in the second booth from the front.  The hostest never offered to pull out our table so it made it a bit awkward to get into but it was cozy once you sat down with all the pillows. We did have a nice dinner and the way the booths are positioned, it makes it feel very private...that is unless you have a noisy group next to you on the other side of the divider. Ours weren't overly noisy but you could clearly hear everything they were saying while we were busy eating.Our waitress was more friendly after striking up a conversation and all the food was good. I had the sweet corn soup with the filet and the bf ordered a salad with the ribeye. Not anything particularly memorable but it was good. We were given a dessert for our anniversary but can't say whether it was free or not since I didn't pay the bill :) It was good, some sort of chocolate cake with hazelnuts with some very pretty penmanship wishing us happy anniversary. It was the best service related touch we had received the whole evening. We missed the sunset during dinner which I'm sure would have added to the experience but watching highway traffic whiz by on the 101 after dark isn't overly romantic in my opinion. Even if there are mountains in the background. Overall though, given the mediocer service at the front, the standard steak affair on the menu and lack of atmosphere past dark, I can't say that I would go back.If you do decide to go anyway, make sure you go early enough to catch the sunset!
Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.  The one on Gibson is the best in my book.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. (from "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" to "Restaurant Impossible!") I understand slow/busy bar service - but this was straight up rudeness and we were ignored for over 20 minutes.we walked in (just two of us) in front of a group of four or so people. The group that came in behind us sat behind us as well, and they had their food before we even were acknowledged and got a glass of water.We tried asking the male waiter for water and he continued past us (ignored us!) and helped the table behind us, taking their order, bringing them several plates of food. The waitress then told us that the other waiter would help us. we were continued to be ignored.i felt bad that it was the waitress' first day, but the other waiter was of no assistance to her (or us), which made the entire establishment look bad. He kept walking past our table to serve and check on the group that came behind us.it took 20 minutes for a glass of water and an additional 5 to get my coke. we waited over a half hour for the garlic rolls (an appetizer) and about 50 minutes for a "wee" sized pizza. Meanwhile the group that came in behind us has had a "not so wee" sized pizza (medium), a couple orders or wings, etc. and the waiter kept bringing out plates for them while we sat with one glass of water. The group of people behind us finished and paid for their meal as our fricking appetizer was coming out.the ONLY reason we didn't just walk away is human courtesy to the poor waitress on her first day.Looks like this place needs to be on food network again for the show "Restaurant Impossible!" because the male waiter was a complete ass - either that or he was racist and ignored my boyfriend. I literally saw him make eye contact as we asked for help and he kept it moving to the group just past us...that came in after us!I will never come back, and i will never tell my out of town guests to come here.
I was a tad disappointed by this place considering all the hype I heard about it.  The server was wonderful, very pleasant and efficient.  The food was good and if with a group, I would go back without whining. But it was pretty ordinary.  My burger was a tad overcooked but still had good flavor.  The fries were the same, nothing to write home about.  My milkshake entitled black and white was really white, I think the waved the chocolate syrup bottle over the glass.  A little overpriced for my experience......
The food was good. Atmosphere is lacking. Not many options to choose from. I probably will not go back.
Great experience. Hot food which is increasing rare to be served these days. Fresh and tasty,while the atmosphere was  relaxing, sat on the patio surrounded by tall palm trees lite with decorative lights.The service was friendly and prompt. Great for larger groups of people.
A regular stop of mine when traveling through CLT.  The food is regularly of good quality, the takeaway selection is great, the staff are friendly and my service is always quick. My most recent stop in was just last week - picked up a roll for takeaway as I only had 30m between connecting flights.  The restaurant is located in an open area of the main 'between terminal wings' area so there isn't an enclosed seating area - the closest you can get to outdoor seating while being inside an airport terminal.  Being that the customers are usually on the way to somewhere else, the staff are used to serving at a pace to keep everyone moving it seems.  Not in a pushy way to get you out, just swift enough to keep you moving on time to your final destination.  The sushi won't make you sick and it is a refreshing change from the usual fare of deep-fried and greasy food you get in airport terminals.
Please do not serve me mealy shrimp....I live in NODA and I really want to start to like the places in my neighborhood so I don't have to drive far and can walk!! Came in and sat up at the bar. The front door is really beautiful (Old, wooden, big) the rest of the decor is kinda like whatever...doesn't really look finished. Nice girl behind the bar, asked her about some of the beers she let me try two one being the Cask beer, which surprisingly I liked but I would've liked it a little colder. I know, I know I'm a silly American!!  We started with a pretzel that was barely warm, but the mustard was good. Also had the homemade chips with beer cheese, the chips were good but the cheese had a weird texture and was again not very warm. We then moved on and had the peel and eat shrimp, they came in a pint glass and I could smell them from the window that they sat in for a while....they were bad, WARM, mealy, fishy, and mushy!! I took them and put them about a chair away from me because I thought I was going to get sick from the smell! In an attempt to get the shrimp flavor out of our mouths we decided on the Italian Sausage with onions and peppers. NO flavor at all, and once again not very warm!! This time being because the servers were busy standing there talking and not ready to bring us our food...they all were staring right at it and continued to talk, then walked away, then came back for it! Very frustrating, I almost got up to get it myself! I mean that way I would have had it when it was hot.....well maybe!! This place had maybe 5 people in it so not a very busy night I just thought that with it not being busy it would've been better....I was wrong! The only saving grace to this meal was when we got our check and it was thankfully not that expensive!!
So we were trying to decide between a variety of possible lunch spots. A lot of our normal ones had been visited too recently or often, but somebody suggested to go for the non-usual Thai and specifically directed us here.Not a bad choice.We sat down at first, then we decided to order to-go in the interest of saving time. I had my eye on the $7.95 lunch special and settled on a beef pad thai. It came with a side salad (fresh), soup with rice and veggies (decent, not salty or bland), ice cream (well... no, it didn't for to-go, wtf?) and two potstickers (good). While I haven't ordered the regular option for comparison purposes, the portion that I got looked like a full meal, not reduced for lunch.Besides the lack of ice cream, my only real issue was that the fork tines were a little too small to make good work of the noodles, so it was a little difficult to eat. The beef was a little chewy, but not too bad, and there was actually more meat that I anticipated, so I wound up eating a lot of beef and rationing noodles toward the end. Regardless, I'd definitely consider this place again for a quick local Thai fix.
Came on a Saturday night around 7 and were sat immediately. It is a smaller place with a bar capable of seating 15 or so and about 15 tables. I'm not sure if it's a nightly occurrence but there was a gentleman playing on their piano and a young lady singing. It provided a nice ambiance.The menu consists of apps, salads, a few pastas, traditional entrees and pizza. We had the stuffed mushrooms as an app and weren't too impressed. They weren't terrible, just nothing special. The entrees were a different story. My husband's mushroom lasagna was to die for.  Great flavor, perfectly cooked noodles with just the right amount of each ingredient. I had the veal parm and it hit the spot.Veal was tender and had just the right amount of breading. Their marinara is homemade and fantastic. I could've eaten it with a spoon all on its own. The portion was quite generous and was accompanied by spaghetti and marinara. Our only compliant was that they do not offer draft beers and their bottled beer selection was very limited.While many traditional Italian dishes are not listed on the menu our server informed us that items like marsalas and piccatas are available upon request.
I was pretty skeptical about the menu at first, since all the item descriptions were pretty plain. Everything turned out to be really flavorful and delicious, though!The truffle pizza is really potato-y with just the right amount of truffle that didn't overpower all the flavor. We also had the braised pork shoulder which was really tender and well-seasoned. The cucumber on top was a really nice contrast in texture and gave it a refreshing bite. Being serenaded by the live music on the canal was nice, despite the loud gaggles of Asian tourists snapping photos with their iPads. This was almost a 4-star review, but I am docking a star for the following reason:The bill came out while my boyfriend was in the bathroom, so I put my card in and paid. When the check came back out for us to sign, the manager / host (he was checking people in but was also checking on the tables, so I assume he was some kind of manager) handed it to my boyfriend and said, "Thank you, Stephen." It may have been an innocent mistake, but it definitely came off as misogyny. It's the 21st century - women are allowed to pick up the tab once in a while. Poor form!
I am so disappointed. Let me preface this with saying the lady owner, who took our order for take out was really, really friendly. Somehow the driver got the wrong address and went to the neighbors' house, but as luck would have it, I was outside and caught him. He was also super sweet.Now, the food. We like our food HOT. HOT! Our gal had asked on a scale of 1-5 hot how did we like it. We said 10. We eat ghost peppers. We like it HOT. She laughed and said ok, no problem. The food came quickly (and we are a bit away). We ordered the sweet and sour pork, rangoon puffs, Hunan beef and shrimp and hot and sour soup. Sadly, the food was not good at all. Not terrible, but not good. When we order hot, we expect chili peppers to be used. They used chili oil in the Hunan dish and the hot and sour soup. It was SOOOO greasy I had to wash the lids off of everything because it was everywhere. And it was not hot AT ALL. The Hunan flavor of the dish would have been good, but it was SOAKED in oil. The hot and sour soup had so much grease, it was floating on top. And there was no meat in the soup. I am used to at least some beef and shrimp. Just tofu and mushrooms. It was thick, which I like, but I had to scrape the oil off the top. The rangoon puffs were tasty, but they came with no sauce. And the sweet and sour pork came with the fried pork in a container by itself, with the sauce on the side. Fine. I get that. They didn't want it mushy when it got here. I like that. But it was ONLY pork in the container. No peppers, no onions, no pineapple, just the pork. The rice was ok. But nothing to mix in with the pork.I give this rating a 2 because the lady was EXTREMELY nice, and even called us back to apologize for the driver having the wrong address and stating she wanted to update their system so they had it right the next time. When she called, after we had eaten, we told her our food was NOT spicy at all, as promised, but said next time she would do better.I will give them another chance because of their customer service and how lovely the lady was. But let's hope it doesn't come with a pound of oil in and on everything. I am so disappointed. I was excited to try this place. And it turned out to be like almost all of the Chinese restaurants in town.Dear Golden Chef,Please, please, please! Use peppers, NOT chili oil. And add something to your sweet and sour pork. Because the batter on the pork, and the pork itself was pretty tasty. And your customer service was so wonderful. :( :(
My friends and I came here to try their prefixe menu for Restaurant Week; however, we arrived a bit too late and missed it. Instead, the three of us shared the grilled octopus for the appetizer, sea bass for entree, and their dark chocolate Nutella flourless cake for dessert. Everything tasted great and dishes were perfect sized portions for three people.The octopus and sea bass were cooked very well, both prepared with lemon, olive oil and capers. Some people have complained about the bones in the sea bass but they were removed when it was served to us. We also ordered wine and the bill came out to $100 each including tip. If you don't order the signature dishes for the entree, you can walk over to their little "fish market" and choose something else to be cooked up for you. Thought this was interesting. I would definitely come back and try something  from there. Love how everything is fresh!
So so so good! I had the veggie sandwich and I enjoy every bite! Great design of a place. So well done.
The first time I tried Spinato's pizza was when my friend introduced me to it with carryout over the summer.  We went with the thin crust pizza and I really enjoyed it. The next time I was in town I stopped in and tried the restaurant itself, and really had a good time.I don't know what this place was before, but I swear it used to be a Chili's. I could be wrong, but either way, its really well decorated.  Warm well decorated interior with a full bar and a great menu. Lots to choose from, and not just pizza (even though its their specialty.)I really like the decor of this place. Not overstated, but classy enough that you can take your parents here and not have them freak out like mine do.  It feels like a great date spot too.  Service was great, and I really had a good time and the pizza and salad that I had were tasty.  I would come here again in a heartbeat. Check it out, worth the trip if you want something different and want to have a good time.
This review is courtesy of my fellow yelpers.Typed in "Restaurants", "Las Vegas", and "Highest Rated" and Carlo's Kitchen popped up.Eh, why not? Great reviews and the fan photos really helped making the final dining decision very easy.Inside of Charlie's bar, say what? Who would have known such a stellar eatery could be found nestled inside of a typical Vegas pub? Yelpers, that's who!No sooner did my party get sat our very attentive server came to grab our drink orders.  Glasses never empty and our palates totally satisfied we thoroughly enjoyed our dishes here at Carlos.From succulent pork chops to perfectly seasoned fettuccine and a goat cheese fritta that will make you want thirds, you will not be disappointed.Take away the bar aspect of this eatery and it the point has been made that the food is out of this world; lets get to my most favorite part of this dining experience.. The chef in charge of all dishes that leave the kitchen personally came out to greet our table! Not only did he come out to greet us at the beginning of our meal but he checked on our table of (7) after our feeding frenzy came to a close to follow up.A brilliant display of customer service that I honestly thought was completely lost in this city.Thank you Carlo's Kitchen for bringing back the feel of an old world dining experience where it feels like the entire staff actually gives a crap about creating a positive dining experience.You will see us again for sure!
I just moved to Charlotte and I'm very happy to announce... I've found my brunch place. Terrace Cafe is the bomb.com and I know I will definitely be back to try some of the other things on their menu. I live in Rock Hill but drove to Ballantyne in search of some yummy brunch. I had tried  a couple hole in the wall places near Rock Hill but none were anything to write home about. This place most definitely did not disappoint. It was a Monday morning, so I can't really comment on what the weekend wait is like but we were seated immediately. The ambiance was nice; trendy but casual. Good for girlfriends, a brunch date with your significant other or even breakfast with the kids. Service was pretty good. Our server checked in a few times and our food was served in a good amount of time.I started with a Salted Caramel Latte. YUM. I saw that there was a bacon bloody mary, but I'm going to save that for a Sunday Funday. For the main entree, I ordered biscuits & gravy with hashbrowns and fruit. DAMN. The biscuits and gravy were out of this world. The biscuits tasted fresh and fluffy, while the gravy was definitely homemade and very flavorful. The hashbrowns were a little salty, but I like salty. They were also very crisp. Fruit was fresh a good variety of strawberries, grapes, raspberries - I don't really like that average fruit cup with just melon & pineapple, so I was pleased. The menu also had some very interesting items like Lobster Benedict, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and a Red Velvet Waffle that I would love to try. It may be a little premature to say this is the best breakfast in Charlotte but it's definitely a solid standby. If you're looking for a place, this is it.
Love love love Dim Sum needed a fix and didn't want to drive across town to get it.  So we pull up and they don't open till 10:30 : / my bad for not checking first.  There was a farmers market on this day right down the way.  So we wasted some time until they opened.Starving by the time we get in and I know better the to be some of the first few customers for DimSum : /   The selection was nill to none again my bad.  So we got a few of our favorites and by the time the good stuff was coming out we were full.The food we did have was good, very flavorful and prepared well.  The sizes of the Dim Sum that we got seemed larger then normal.  The prices of the dishes were a bit more expensive then China Town but it is in a higher rent district, so understandable.I don't know if I will be back but in a pinch I would.
We choose a chain for consistency but when the chicken is full of the part no one wants to eat it ruins the whole experience. Please cut the fat, literally!
Had the country fried steaks and eggs. It was awesome! Red velvet pancakes were delicious with the cream cheese syrup!
This is the definition of the American Diet. Huge portions for really heavy foods. Out of all the dishes we ordered, we really liked the philly cheesesteak sandwich and the fish&chips. We'd stay away from the steak & eggs. Huge portions here. Who doesn't want that in Vegas.
padlocked and closed with an eviction notice taped to the front door.
This location is quite close to work, and at times when morale is low or he feels like he's been kind of a jerk lately, the boss will get us a couple pizzas from Frank's Pizza and Chicken. I have had some regular old pepperoni pizzas from there in the past, and they were definitely better than average. But the famed buffalo chicken pizza.... Oh boy. The crust is flavorful and at the perfect level of chewiness, the chicken chunks are large and tender, the buffalo sauce is spicy and not too greasy, and the cheese blankets all in wonderfulness. Then you get sides of ranch, and it's homemade!  Thick and rich and you can taste all the lovely dill they've put in there. It's the best dipping sauce ever. It was so good that I felt indebted to the boss man for this wonderful gift and volunteered to stay late. Perhaps this will be positive reinforcement and he'll buy me pizza more often.
Hands down the best buffet on the strip. Wicked Spoon is amazing, but Baccahanal blows even them out of the water. I can't imagine coming to Vegas again and not eating here.
Had dinner at the bar.
Stayed at Encore. Andrea's was the best meal on our trip. The service and the food were the best. The rock shrimp tempura and the mango avocado and tuna roll were delicious, and the strip steak with wasabi Demi glaze was also very good. Definitely coming back !
The ramen expert in me wants to cringe when I eat the ramen. LOL But I also know that I'm not in Japan or California, and this is probably better than most ramen places in Tempe.Well, it's better than Republic Ramen... if that is saying much? However, it's probably from the same people of Republic Ramen. The broth, the menu and the style is just too similar. And it's just as expensive. I ordered the ramen.... no toppings and it was $8. Additional toppings are at least $1 per topping, and that is ridiculous.I don't know where these guys learned to make ramen but please.... no more spinach. It ruins the texture and flavor of the broth. I don't even want to ask why there is corn available as a topping. I'll just get annoyed. -______-Better off going back to Cherry Blossoms for their ramen (which actually tastes like Japanese ramen).
Best Mexican food ever! I have been going to this restaurant for years and i love the new location. The food tastes just the same and I wish I could go every day.I always get the chicken mango quesadilla. It is very popular for a reason ;)
This is my first time coming here....I really am a fan of Gus' s pizza...The food is delicious and customer service is awesome.  Place is fast and very clean!! Hope you get to enjoy Gus' s pizza soon!!!
Wow! This restaurant is absolutely incredible! I came in on a Thursday night and it wasn't super packed, Senator Harry Reid had just came in with his wife to eat. One of the owners was so amazing and I had some of the best service. I split the Combo Special and the food was so good, but did have a lot of food. We got complimentary drinks and dessert on the house and THE PITA BREAD WAS UNBELIEVABLE! It's house made and cannot be missed. Definitely coming back for more!!!
