I've heard it's very much a chain and that it's not at all authentic Chinese food, however despite all that I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent.  There is quite a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor, but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes, this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch.
Great pho, my favorite so far in Pittsburgh. The service was good too! It's cash only but that's fine as long as you prepare.
From the street, my husband and I thought Zoe's Kitchen would be like Panera - that is, we thought it would serve fast, flavorful, and good-quality lunch fare. None of these adjectives turned out to be an accurate descriptor. In fact, the food at Zoe's kitchen took 30 minutes to come out and was disgustingly bland and in a few cases, quite gross. We stopped in for lunch last week. The place was packed, but the line to order moved quickly, so we incorrectly assumed that we would also get our food quickly. More on that in a second. In terms of the menu, we were shocked at how uninteresting the menu options seemed. Even though the menu was decently sized and we are open to lots of different types of food and flavors, we found ourselves completely unable to choose and not drawn to any individual option. Even though I'm not a vegetarian, I prefer lunch sandwiches with no meat, so I was also quite irritated that the only vegetarian sandwiches were the grilled cheese and grilled feta. This is 2008, and the non-meat options at a lunch spot should be more imaginative than cheese slapped on some bread. In the end, I still ended up ordering the grilled cheese (nothing else sounded good!) and my husband selected the Greek Chicken Marinara. We sat down at the table, displayed our number card, and just waited. And waited. And waited. After literally waiting for 25 minutes, I checked in with the assistant manager who was manning the pick-up counter. She went into the kitchen, checked on our order, and said it would be just a "few more minutes." She even had a server bring us two slices of chocolate cake as some sort of  token of their sympathy, but it was super-dry and totally gross. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm just glad we didn't pay $2 for each slice!It wasn't until 10 minutes later when I lost my patience and told the same server that we wanted our food immediately that we finally received it. We have a higher-than-average awareness of the difficulties of working in food service, but we found it un-acceptable that a non-full-service restaurant would take 35+ minutes to bring us two sandwiches. If they can't handle the catering, to-go, and eat-in order volume, they should hire more staff members. As if the slow service wasn't painful enough, my grilled cheese was completed charred (literally burned and black). After one bit of the accompanying slaw, which was soaked in mayonnaise and soggy, I  immediately walked back to the assistant manager, handed her the plate, and asked her to refund me for my plate. To her credit, she complied, but the wait had already been so egregious that I wasn't about to just write the long wait and gross food off and decide to return. My husband's Greek Marinara was not as terrible but was still bland and completely un-memorable. The bread was a plain roll, the chicken breast strips were formed and tasted totally processed, and the "Greek" marinara tasted like Prego. The only tasty part of his meal was the side of bagged chips!I guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast, casual, and fresh lunch food, but we found the food at Zoe's to be anything but.
Wow, that was good Chinese food.  I went at lunch and the place was packed and took about ten minutes to get a table.  The prices were a bit high but you get a ton of food.  Service was good... the staff are all Asian, they want to get you in and out fast which is great...  I'll be back
Rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for $5 mimosas. $5 make you hola.
Ordered the orange chicken lunch special and hot & sour soup for takeout (note: I guess soup is not included with the lunch special if you get it for takeout, so I ordered it separately). I had to ask for the soup again because it wasn't packed in my bag when I arrived. I really liked both items, especially the soup, and the fried rice side is flavorful. I'm not a huge egg roll fan, but this one was pretty good. I wish the soup came in smaller sizes- 32 oz is a bit much for me, but hey, leftovers! No napkins or utensils were packed with my takeout which was odd, and inconvenient since I was going somewhere without silverware, but I found a spoon and managed! A few hang ups but overall I enjoyed the food- I will return.
They have my kind of casual service.  Never overly happy- in your face- bombarding service.  Your waiter asks if you're doing OK a couple of times and if you need anything after that, you just tell them. It's a small place, so they will always be near by.I always enjoy this honest to goodness Italian food.  I've had the eggplant, the fettuccine Alfredo, calzone and the Sicilian cookie dessert . . .all amazing!
After 10+ years of ordering delivery from this place, we are trying other places. This was close, fast and convenient but I realized i was getting sub par food in exchange. They never put enough veggies in their entrees, the CRAB rangoon is cream cheese and are stale every time we get them. We have had many of the same dishes over the years and it never improved so we are trying others places in the area. They always give you extra sauce for your food and the presentation in the bag was good but I want veggies in my sweet and sour chicken not just chicken and 4 large green pepper slices for example. Bland food.
I had a $25 food voucher and that's enough for 2.  The chips and salsa bar really give great value but getting carried away with a lot of it will guarantee boxed leftovers.  We ended up with a couple of boxes!We ordered the steak fajitas and chicken enchiladas.  The food was pretty average.  The cut of beef they used for the fajitas was kinda weird, almost overly tender and would've been better for beef stew.  Enchiladas were what would we expected them to be.  It's hard to mess those up.  Our server was very upbeat and friendly.  This place is more like 2.783346 stars and I'm pretty sure it'll be my last time there with so many other choices for Mexican food around.
Got food poisoning from this particular Taco Bell.  : (  Will never eat Taco Bell again.  I don't care how late you're open OR how much I've had to drink...it's not worth it.   If you're looking for great Mexican food...go up the street to Fausto's or Roberto's.
I eat here nearly once every weekend.
This is the fourth and final place we stopped at yesterday. The sushi bar is small and there isnt much of a variety of rolls to choose from. The sushi chef was great and he asked for our likes and dislikes. He altered our rolls to our liking and they were very good. He handed us, in two seperate occasions, complimentary rolls that he felt we would like. They were both very good. We would like to give this place a solid 3 - 3.5 stars but as we checked out we found that we were charged for one of the complimenary rolls by the owner. Maybe it was a misunderstanding. Maybe we should have said something. We may go again because we really enjoyed the sushi chef and the rolls. The chef said he would "hook us up" next time but we're worried of the spying owner that may charge us again for a complimentary roll, but it wont happen twice without a fight from us. We'll see....
I want to love it. Really, I want to love it sooo badly. But the truth is: go to San Francisco or Washington D.C. and get it there. As my (very white) Grandma would say: "this is interesting." By which I mean, there are some ...flavors....and ...spices... but nothing quite pulls together.At least the African Nut Stew and Injera are good.
What a fun find! This is a local mom and pop place that really works hard to make their customers happy and the food is definitely delicious. I had the chicken stew which came with rice. The chicken was amazingly well cooked and had great flavor after being in the stew. Rice was perfectly done and was a great add-on to sopping up that stew and enjoying every last drop of it.The staff is very friendly and checked in on us regularly. You could tell they were a local favorite from all the conversation with the owner and the patrons. He knew them and greeted them warmly.Overall, this is a smaller place, so if you have a large group I'd call ahead or get it catered to your event. Overall: A+Perfect mom and pop local eatery.
The food, service, and atmosphere are great, but for the money you can get better elsewhere.  It is a good "first date" place or anniversary meal place when you want to talk during your meal - nice and quiet.  I'll probably go back but not frequently.Try a Tequila Flight!  Very educational and a nice way to sample several tequilas and not get plastered.They could put just a little pizazz into this place and make it really neat - a "must do" activity.
Eh. That's about the best I can say about this place.  It's right next to our clinic, so if I only have a few minutes to grab lunch, this is the place I go.I'm not a fan of teriyaki, or chains, so otherwise I wouldn't go here.  However, they do manage to properly cook their broccoli.  It's neither mushy nor hard, just perfectly green and crispy.  But that sickly sweet teriyaki needs to go.But their iced tea is pretty good.
YUMMY!Quality and Simplicity are what make great Italian Food, they have those two important factors down!Their sandwiches are delicious! The meats they have are par to non int the city. One of my favorite sandwiches is the 'Capacollo , Hard Salami & Provolone' on their outrageously wonderful white italian sub roll! I usually go for wheat, but I make the exception here, it is worth it!! They are also a great Italian grocer for all your Italian, fresh pasta, pizza dough, wine, italian goods, etc...The prices are reasonable and you won't be disappointed! This is truly a little Italian gem in the desert. and very casual and low key, but delicious!I highly recommend Defalco's!P.S The wait wait can sometimes be long, but it is worth it! If you are in a hurry, CALL AHEAD!
Remember when Caffe Boa was right on Mill, next to Red Lantern and Long Wong's? Remember when they were doing inventive, handmade pastas with fresh sauces and always had great specials? Remember the variety of flavors and the attention to detail? REMEMBER THE AGNOLOTTI?? There was nothing like it in Tempe at the time.Yeah, it ain't that anymore. Every red sauce tastes like Ketchup and melted margarine. Every food object tastes like Sysco. I swear there are still ice crystals in the shrimp. It's now a place for college kids to play grown-up date night, and former fans to hang their heads in sadness. I guess it serves its purpose as more of a college bar/practice restaurant. And its crowd is pleased with its easily-digested mediocrity. But I still lament the passing of the original, inspired Boa.RIP Boa.
I just placed an order yesterday via online (VERY EASY PROCESS) for a meeting we were having today for our office and they did a great job! Each lunch was in it's own little box with everyone's name on them and each had a side (everyone got to choose one of the following: Potato Salad, Fresh Sliced Fruit Cup, Pasta Salad, Frog Eyed Salad - sounds gross but VERY yummy) or a bag of Chips), then each box also included a pickle, cookie, condiments and utensils. The prices were great to so that was another plus in my book.We ordered 12 boxed lunches to be delivered and not only did every order show up correctly but they delivered 5 minutes early! We will certainly be ordering from Apple Junction again!
This place was alright. We came here on a Saturday afternoon. It was semi-full but there was a lot of people waiting on to-go orders. I pictured this place more bar and less restaurant. It was the opposite. they had several TV's and my pet-peeve. NO VOLUME why even have a tv in the 1st place? OMG if you've read my reviews you know that is a deal killer for me. and I'll end up somewhere else. We ordered wings and 2 salads. This must have annoyed this waitress b/c we never saw her again? she spent the ENTIRE time kissing the next table's ass. .and I mean giggling like a teenager at everything this table's patrons had to say, and would by pass us like nothing. my bf finally said I guess my empty glass is invisible?  I figured it must have been. When we finally did get her attn and flagged her down to get the check - her whole tone changed. I guess the high pitched giggly tone and helpful attitude was reserved only for certain tables and ours wasnt up. Maybe we didnt spend enough? sorry but I'm only going to order what I'm willing to actually eat. WINGS: The wings were ok. we ordered HOT and garlic cilantro. The garlic cilantro had ZERO flavor. I was really disappointed b/c I like both A LOT. garlic is up there w/ salt & pepper in my household. The hot good though, but they were very very very VERY greasy. I think i used every napkin in the place. more napkins than BWW or HOOters cant be good in the calorie dept. and the taste wasnt that far above and beyond so IMHO the nxt time I go I'll probably try something else, and maybe get it to go to avoid bad waitressing.
After hearing either really bad or really good reviews of this place, I decided to give it a try...and came out with a rather unassuming average review instead! Sushi Factory is located in a plain and slightly seedy looking strip mall. Being from the East Coast, I know that most good restaurants are not in the best of neighborhoods, so I was excited...Decor was also run down, but not terrible inside. It was tacky a bit dirty, but definitely inviting in a "homey" type of way.Service was average. We had to ask our waitress quite a few times to refill my water, but she always obliged and often walked by and never disappeared. Her attitude was rather aloof, but she "blessed" us with her smile a couple of times, so average rating she gets.We ordered some nigiri, sashimi and fresh oysters. I wasn't in a mood (for once) to eat a lot :). Fresh oysters were, how do I say this?, pretty fresh. I didn't expect for these to be good, but they were. Not the best I've had by any means, but definitely tasty. Sushi was edible and tasty as well, however, fish was not the freshest and presentation was rather poor. Miso soup and salad were the best part of the meal, and had very good flavor to them. Prices were incredibly cheap for a sushi place.Overall, I may come back to Sushi Factory, but only because my best friend lives across the street. I will not make a special trip to go there, as there are so many better sushi places in Vegas...However, if I'm in a neighborhood and craving some sushi, and running low on money $$$$ I will stop by and experience Sushi Factory again.
My family and I ventured in to Battistas last week for dinner, and as with all my other visits to the restaurant over the last 20 years, had a pleasant dining experience.  The food is good and the atmosphere is unique with its days-gone-by feel.  Gordo (I think that's his name), the accordion player, has been there on every visit.  It's probably not the best Italian food in the area, but it's a good break from all the over-the-top casino restaurants that churn the $ around the strip.
I guess its not bad, we checked in and were given a smoking room because they had no others, we were not thrilled about that, but they said they were fully booked. After getting to the room I decided to call the front desk to ask if we could have a 12pm check out, I called from the room phone and after 15 minutes of no one answering I called from my cell phone as well and waited and finally someone answered after about 25 minutes, and they did let us check out at 12 but still if its pretty busy day I don't see how no one could have answered the phone a little quicker just to answer a quick question.
Going to eat steak at this hidden gem (really) in one of the last of the dingy casinos on the Las Vegas strip was one of the high lights of our recent trip! I told my hubby let's go see if this steakhouse is as really good as the reviews said and he asked me, are you sure it's in Circus Circus? LOL! This steakhouse is a trip back in time to classic , classy, good ole fashioned carnivore eating experience for regular folks who want to treat themselves on a well earned vacation. We are around 50 and truly enjoy good steaks and this steakhouse did not disappoint!! Our server was Michael who turned out he has been with the steakhouse for over 20 years and was excellent. Classic service from all the staff without being snooty. How's the meat you ask, I had the porterhouse steak and hubby had the bone-in prime rib, both cooked medium. Excellent flavor, so much so that when chewing you couldn't stop thinking about what you were tasting from each bite. Our steaks were most enjoyable as an understated response! Now the size, please do yourself a favor and don't eat much the day you plan to dine here. These steaks are big and huge! The bone in prime rib is the biggest hunk of meat I've ever seen my hubby eat and he made a very good run at it. I did pretty well on my porterhouse too. The bread here also deserves a note because the selection is very good as well, esp. the pretzel rolls. I can't help to think that one day ole Circus Circus will be gone and I hope this steakhouse gets a home somewhere else. But for now, I'm so glad we ventured here and tried it out. It was well worth the money and time; we'll be back!!
Comfort food overload. Everyone talks about their humongo chicken pot pie, but did you realize they have a $2-$7 Happy Hour daily? 3:30-6:30 mon-Friday and Saturday in the morning sometime I think it's 11-4. Sunday is funday because happy hour is all day long! They've spruced up the place and I hope that more fun, young locals start hanging out here as it's close to my home. Would love to meet ya!
Everyone deserves a second chance, despite my previous review/comment about second chances at such exorbitant prices.I get it...I really do. The fancy dining sofa's, ass kissing service and iron skillets. It's all good. But what's the use of iron skillets if they don't provide heat? My $60 filet was cold...once again. I hate sending food back. I won't do it. I shouldn't have to.Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I jumped to the main course.The bread is very good. That particular iron skillet delivered. I'm reluctant to Yelp anything is good in a sentence because that may become a YELP restaurant highlight.CraftSteak's beet salad is bland. I don't necessarily like salty food, so that says a lot. Maybe add a chunk of goat cheese. Not daring to be different, but it's a classic pairing. But hey, beets are good for me, so I'll move on...The risotto was good, with all the tomatoes, bits and pieces, but was served CRUNCHY al dente. The filet...well you know about my filet. Other than it being coldededed, it was, yes, under seasoned and BLAND. Try a Ruth's Chris steak, so hot, moist and buttery.Oh, oh, oh....my Dark and Stormy, ginger and rum drink was great.The service was very good, but I sat at the bar. That's my thing when I want great service. That's a no brainer.No dessert tonight, even though the Monkey Bread is fan-fuckin-tastic! YELP highlight that!Lucky to be alone tonight. Only $146 for one.
I recently went for brunch due to hype from one of my co-workers.  I did not like much about my experience.  It started with what I think is an obscure way to get to the restaurant, to the wait, to so so food.  I am certain the Illy coffee downstairs is much better than what I had upstairs.  The breakfast was basic fare and included what I considered a overbaked chocolate almond croissant.  My girlfriend did like her waffle.  Ultimately, I left undazzled by ambiance, food and service.  I went back downstairs thinking maybe I should have just tried a chocolate croissant from the bakery.
We had high expectations for this buffet because it was all our friends raved about. Although the selection was great, the food was mediocre (should that be expected in a buffet?)The Buffet overall Our Rating (on a scale from 1-10; 10 being the best): 7Ambiance/atmosphere: 6 - The atmosphere was okay. Lots of people and we sat in the corner, which was nice. However, it felt much like being in a cafeteria and that detracted a little from our experience.Service: 5 - The waitress would come pick up our plates occassionally but with a large party they stacked up quickly. However, each time she came by, she was very friendly, as was the rest of the staff.We havent been to many buffets in Vegas, but from what we've eaten this one was pretty good. Until next time!-N & H
This review is only for the night club part.Looking for a mix of Latino music??? You have found the place, look no more!  We were arriving in Vegas late and we knew we wouldn't have time to get all "glamed" out, so we looked for something low key and Diego's it was (I found it on Yelp.)No cover chargeDrinks are super inexpensiveGreat MusicOpen until 3P on FridaysA little bit hidden in the MGM
Stopped by here with my wife after seeing the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.  I have never been a fan of the Cheesecake Factory so I knew walking in that I would probably have a similar opinion of this place.  Huge menu, daunting really, I had a tough time making any kind of a decision but finally settled on the lasagna.  Maybe I didn't read the menu well enough, but it came out with chicken in it?  Wasn't bad but wasn't great either.  Service was OK, nothing to write home about.
Food was fantastic. I are there for both breakfast and for dinner and both had great food. Would have had 5 stars, but heard a lot of moaning and groaning from the servers when they thought people would not be able to hear...
I used to be a big fan of The Buffet at the Wynn, with its insane variety of meaty goodness, vegan and vegetarian options for those who want to live a healthier lifestyle, and a room packed full of desserts that always made me feel a little like Willie Wonka. I used to tell people it was the best buffet on the Vegas Strip, but I am no longer a fan.  My last visit there was just before Labor Day weekend, and was very disappointing.  The veal short rib was the only dish that was truly exceptional, while everything else I sampled was just so lackluster: the fried chicken was on par with the kind my local grocery store sells by the greasy boxful, the Cajun pork loin was flavorless and didn't inspire me to Zydeco, and the sweet pea risotto was bland and a little too crunchy for my liking.Even my favorite go-to desserts seemed to have been replaced with piteous knock-offs that left a chilling "Invasion of the Dessert Snatchers" vibe in the air. The cheesecake pops and cake pops I once loved there were now store-bought marshmallows that were coated in a humdrum icing and violently impaled on a stick. The gelato that was once bustling with exciting flavors was now deferential and hesitant.         The service, too, was seriously lacking. While water and drink orders are often frequently refilled at most buffets (and restaurants), our waiter's appearances could be best described as spectral: he showed up at the start of the meal and was never seen or heard from again. If he has 40 years younger, I would have initiated an Amber Alert.  Sadly, no one came by at any time to pick up the pile of used dishes that were quickly accumulating on our table either. It got so ridiculous that we decided to clear the table ourselves and place our many dishes on the empty, four-seater across from us. Even sadder, a lone diner was seated at that very table shortly thereafter, with everyone oblivious to the Jenga tower of plates and unappetizing leftovers erected diagonally across from her.           On the up side, many of the diners seemed to be enamored with the giant crab legs that were pouring endlessly out of the kitchen. Plates were filled two and three feet high with these savory crustaceans that was a high point of this buffet. These crab-loving guests tended to ignore the other offerings available to them. Were they in the know? Or were they there just for the crab?The immense popularity of the crab leg station and the sheer volume being consumed by some diners who seemed almost unhinged in their pursuit to up the levels of Omega-3s in their systems seemed to be the "raison d'être" for this buffet.Maybe this is the reason that the Wynn has just given up? Sure, the presentation and vibrant colors of the many meals at each station really stood out, appealed to the eye, and made me want to try everything. But it almost felt like the offerings outside of the crab legs were just there for show, along with the inedible flower arrangements and the decorative flourishes that adorn this dining hall and provide it with its atmosphere.
This is my favorite Mexican food in town. Great prices, great high quality ingredients, and just overall good.Kid friendly, funky atmosphere, great beer selection.I like the pork and chorizo tacos the best.
This food was very good the bread they give is yummy don't eat to much of it you'll get full. The fettuccine Alfredo was good the chicken was very tender except i seen a picture here on yelp and my Alfredo had no broccoli,  my boyfriend had the chicken saltimbocca which he said was really good all together it was wonderful good services and not to expensive
I did some trade out work for Johnny's uptown for fixing his register system.  I charge $75 per hour a fairly cheap rate ($175 per hour for the geek squad).  It took me two hours to climb through all his rafters and trace down a network break.  He was fixed within 4 hours of calling me at 4 P.M.  Most places would have stuck him with a bill of over $500  for last minute and evening surcharges.  My boyfriend (Johnny's Employee) and I shared a stake and a bottle of wine.  Retail cost was $85  his employee discount made it $42.  I asked John Tallifer if he wanted me to bill him or he could trade out.  I have never seen some one gripe about saving $450 more in my life.Like an Idiot I did some newspaper ads for him 2 of them for $100  again no foresight he called me 2 hours before they were due.Then I did a sign for him for his other failing restaurant the pizza place Melrose caf I created 12 beautiful logos for his sign and a magazine made him 3 more they wanted to charge him a grand for it. He sat behind me for 4 hours and directed me how he envisioned this atrocity he had me create.  I charged him $160 he loved the sign.  I realize why straight men are not designersAfter 30 days of not paying me he offered, to trade out dinner for 4.  My boyfriend's uncle was in town so we went to Johnny's to eat.  My filet was fantastic; the lobster was cold, old and had been frozen before. The wine was good and the bill came to $400 well $200 for employees.  Again he bitched about saving a grand, called my partner a silly faggot and his black manager who set up the deal a stupid Nword.  My boyfriend quit and we left.
This is definitely a spot in Las Vegas to come to if you're looking for a famous restaurant that sells quality food that is presented well. I almost want to say that even if you don't have a car in Vegas, it's worth getting a taxi out here even though it might be like $30 to get here. Since I had a car on my last trip, I dropped by here. I'm pretty sure this place gets a lot more attention and fame since Man Vs. Food came here.I ordered the "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit" and the "Kiwi Watermelon drink." The presentation was amazing and I would recommend getting it especially if you're into Chicken & Waffles. Personally, I am not into that combination but I wanted to try it anyway because of all the recommendations. I don't think anyone puts bacon in the waffle--interesting. I sort of wish I got something else after seeing other peoples' dishes but I still enjoyed what I got.The service was amazing and the atmosphere was lively. I would come back for sure but maybe at a different location to see how different they all are. I think that this one is the main location. Since it's not on the strip, the street isn't that busy and parking isn't impossible.
Great food & great view.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas.  Something you wouldn't be able to do anywhere else.
Nice find in the Convention Center area of Pittsburgh.  The shrimp appetizer is very tasty and the main entrees are nicely presented and quite delectable.
What it is, is awesome food without the hefty price tag.   As everybody has said, the food is worth the wait.  Tried the new england clam chowder, raw oysters and combo pan roast.  Mmmmmmm.  Best clam chowder I've tried, beats even those from the Bay area.  They don't skimp on the seafood and the base for the stew is very tasty.I am surprised that people give bad reviews of this place just because of the service, There's about a million reviews here that say there's a lot of wait time so why are people surprised?  It's a bar, not a michelin-rated restaurant.   The service can be improved, but what can you do?  It's not like any of the staff is slacking.  They definitely work hard and they try to be fast and friendly.Come out mid week around 2 am and you won't wait long.
This is the only buffet I have eaten at in Vegas and I love it! For around $25 you get an all you can eat buffet with good quality food. I am not sure if this is a regular feature, but house wine and beer were also included in the cost. Score! The staff is really helpful - one of the hostesses went out of her way to find us the house wine when we noticed they had already closed down the "bar."Upon entering, you can pay for your meal at a kiosk which is super helpful if you're with a group and want separate checks - it's already taken care of! Then you get seated and eat until your waistband can't take it anymore.They don't take reservations but there was no line when my friends and I arrived.
the CRYING BABIES were awful, this is not a place for kids at all.  We left, it wasnot a great atmosphere
My friends referred to the meal as "terrible" and "atrocious." I would not go that far, but a lot of little things added up to make our dinners less than satisfactory. The broth of the bun bo hue was not very flavorful. On the other hand, the broth of the spicy pho was way too spicy. The meat in the noodles looked completely unappetizing. The egg on the rice plate was so hard and rubbery it could not be cut with a spoon.The grilled pork banh mi was the only thing that was okay, but I have had better banh mi for the same price elsewhere.
Good pizza, we had a salad first, fresh and crispy, then a all meat pizza which was good but not the best I've ever had. Reason for 3 stars is, paper cups and you get your drinks yourself, kinda cheesy for such a nice place.
Get ready to get dirty.  Oh yeah, don't be wearing white. Be comfy, cuz u gonna use your hands!  Fun place to try. Wish we had a place like this in Hawaii. Food Ordered:-2 lbs of the crawfish. The hot n juicy special flavor with the extra spicy level. (of course) -fingerlickin good, tear ducts watering, nose running....yumminess.-Softshell crab (comes with fries) - good-4 corn - same ole, same oleEnvironmentFairly clean. Wooden tables, some booths, casual.ServiceDecent. Waitress was okay, a little ditzy, but okay. TipWhen u get there, the person taking your name down for the waitlist may say, "go to the other NEW location down the block, there is no wait." WRONG, do not listen. We were smart enough to put our name on the list then check out the "new" location....yup, even looongger wait!  Lame. So we went back to the original location and waited just 15 minutes! Not much parking, so CARPOOL or go early!
Honestly, they deserve a 0 or negative star rating.  I've never been so sick from food poisoning in my life.We visited for their special Mother's Day brunch that is chocked full of delicious foods; AYCE lobster, crab claws, lamb, salmon, shrimp, oysters, clams, swordfish and many more for $69/each.  While there's nothing exotic about the food preparation, it's seriously delicious.  We tried the Zefferino house labeled champagne that was on special for the day, but it left a lot to be desired.  The service was mediocre at best; refills were difficult, the waiter ofter forgot our requests, forcing us to follow up when we could catch him.  The deceptively delicious food was enjoyed by all, until after the meal.  Everyone in our party of 8 grew violently ill from food poisoning.  This was the only meal we ate all day, which we would pay for all night long.  I don't know if they served us food past its expiration date or if they stored the food improperly, but I'm quite traumatized by this horrific dining experience.
Cheap and delicious. A level above fast food. I had the Thai chicken wrap. The sauce was peanuts with chili for only $6 and my husband had the Italian sandwich with provolone cheese and pepperoni and other meats. Also the same price. A great place for a quick bite to eat.
Came here for a bday dinner..and they sat us in our own private area on the side, which was perfect.  $25 for all you can eat and that pretty much included everything on the menu besides sashimi... They had many rolls to choose from and they also had yakitori dishes(bacon wrapped asparagus, steak, chicken, shrimp, scallops), poke salads(delicious), poke bowls, oysters, mussels.. There was a great selection.  Since we had a big party, our order took some time and some got missed but the servers were more than helpful and they made sure we got everything we wanted.  After our meals they also had parfait, mochi, and tiramisu for dessert..I would definitely be coming back..Only downer is that it is pretty far from the strip if you don't have a car, its about a $30 cab ride, but if you split it, its not so bad.  After 2 hours of stuffing our faces and many bottles of sake, we left stuffed and satisfied and it only came out to $40 a person! We were expecting way more!
Unfortunately this was not the steak house we thought it would be.  The steak was "good", not great.  The appetizer (fondue) came the same time our steaks did.  I asked to have them take the steaks back until we were done with the fondue, the server argued.  I think if the bill is close to $300 plus, we should not have to argue with the server.  All in all, I would try another steak place in Vegas for the money.
Awesome!  Pizza rocks!  Pasta is great homemade stuff.  Really different than pretty much Italian type restaurants.
New manager, Matt, us making Blue Wasabi relevant again.  Great sushi, rolls & martinis.  The Tuna Poke is excellent...try the "Chuck Norris" roll, edemame and miso soup with any of their martinis...it doesn't disappoint.  Ashley, on your first night serving, nice job!
I love coming here when the UNLV Runnin' Rebels are playing away games. Gather round some great wings and burgers with friends. The food really is better than you would expext everytime. Can't beat this atmosphere!
The salted caramel brownie might be the best sweet I've ever had!  Wasn't terribly impressed with their croissants, which is what kept me from giving 5 stars.
Food was good.  Prices are a little nuts for what it is but that's Vegas I guess.
Yet another great stop in Charlotte...what is it with this place...who knew they would house so many great places to eat! Anyway - love the feel of this restaurant and the staff. The food is also top notch. I would highly recommend the blacked brie and chicken tenders as an appetizer. Brie I am always a fan of - but I love the paring - put a little bit (or a lot depending on how much of a cheese lover you are) on the ciabatta toast, then top it off with a slice of apple and then a dollop of the apricot cranberry chutney - delicious! And the chicken tenders....I normally hate chicken tenders, but these were so tender and jam packed with buffalo flavor, I couldn't help myself to reach for another one. Now when it comes to dinner, I am not going to lie - you are going to have a hard time picking something out since everything on the menu looks so good. I mean it took me almost 30 minutes to decide - I kept on going back and forth on a couple of things - but I am happy to say I made the right choice. I was a bit nervous since it was a little out of the box for me - but when I took my first bite of the Hong Kong Style Chilean Sea Bass - I thought my taste buds were going to explode. So rich, so delicious. The sea bass just melted in my mouth. Oh and the coconut curry rice cakes that they come with are to die for. Again, I was a bit nervous since I don't like curry, but the coconut defiantly balances it out. The only thing I didn't really like were the snow peas - they were a bit too oily for me. And so since we had such a great experience with both our appetizers and dinner - of course we had to order dessert...or should I say dessertsssss. We had the BlackFinn Hot Chocolate which was very decant, rich, chocolaty, and peanut buttery. But regardless of how good it was, I focused myself on the Season Fruit Crisp. This would have to be by far the best apple crisp I have ever had. These super HUGE crumbs were so packed with flavor. Again, another item that just melted in your mouth. I had to literately stop myself from grabbing the dish to eat the whole thing myself.If I ever come to Charlotte again, this will be my first stop!
I have been here many times, howevery most recent visit was not good. Took a half hour to get a beer, and only one happy hour order in an hour... They were so slow. The waiter was nice, but definitely a rookie, there were multiple managers and servers on staff, we were the only table of about 15 do you think they would help the rookie? Not here. Great food, terrible service. Manager offered nothing to compensate. Very disappointed!
Amazing meat, and fun atmosphere! I loved how you can just flip a card over and then you are just flooooded with people giving you different delicious meats in your face. Had our business Christmas dinner here, back in December and it was perfect. The sides were also amazing (mashed potatoes - YUM!) Definitely give this place a try if you have room to stretch your stomach.
I love great-tasting and fresh sushi at a steal! This is what this place offers. Make sure you have Anthony as your sushi chef. He is the best! Poor guy practically lives there, he said he works 12 hours a day, 7 days a week. Even though he works that much, he still makes awesome sushi consistently.We came across this place when we found out that Naked Fish was closed for renovations. We're very glad we made that accidental discovery!Their fish is so fresh and buttery, I don't even think I'm eating raw fish. I only started eating raw fish recently, when I discovered how good yellowtail nigiri was at SushiMon. No offense to SushiMon, but this joint made me love eating yellowtail nigiri so much more! Another one I love is the garlic tuna, it is so flavorful and so fresh!For the price of $23.99 (dinner) and $18.99 (happy hour 2-5 pm), I think this place is so worth checking out. They have really great tasting specialty rolls too, one of them which is the Stacie Roll. Two thumbs up to Anthony for making sushi taste so great.One more thing, their tamago is probably the freshest tamago I have ever tried anywhere. I could probably go to this place and just order tamago after tamago after tamago, because it is that good! It takes forever to make though, but it is so worth the wait.The service has been excellent during both times we were there. This place was not crowded both times (I don't get why it isn't, the food is so good!) so the servers and sushi chef are dedicated to you and probably two other groups.Do check out this place! The location isn't too good, it's on Durango (and there's never any traffic on Durango) and Flamingo, by the Salvation Army. But trust me, it is worth the trip!By the way, they have $35.99 All you can eat and drink (alcohol) too if you're a heavy drinker.
Service was fast, server was great, I don't see why so many people on here write bad reviews about this place,will be returning
Very delicious! Everything was very good. My favorite was the black dog burger with the Georgia peach BBQ sauce. The burnt ends were good but a pretty small app. The collard greens and sweet potato fries were my favorite sides. The applesauce and meatloaf special were overrated for me but my brother loved it! Order to go if you want to have a slightly less exhausting wait.
Pricey sushi but its WORTH IT. Normally when I want a quick fix I hit up cheaper places but when I'm in the mood for great sushi with a friend, I go to Akaihana.
I've had a lot of BJs. This by far was the worst BJ I have ever received. The service was slow and not in a good of way. If your going for a birthday dinner, you might be there to see their next birthday. Never again.
Everything was fantastic. We did the signature menu and were very impressed. As good as the food was, our server Marcus was the star of the show. Probably one of the best servers I've ever had the pleasure of dining with. Sage is extremely lucky to have you Marcus, thank you for your superior service, it meant a lot to us.
Upon first glance this is appears to be a very usual strip mall type bar but behind the black glass lies a more unusual bar and grill.We went on a Sunday for the Jets-Ravens game and it was a fun time.. This is one of those places you likely have passed a hundred times on the way to work or going to Scottsdale using Indian School Rd. It is set back into the strip mall so you would not see it from the street. Why Teakwoods is special comes from its extremely quality food which you would not expect from a place that lets you throw peanut shells on the floor. Like most bars it has a bevy of TV's and a rowdy but pleasant crowd. The food was really good though I would never call this "fine dining". An extremely great place to go when you want to be stuffed with semi-greasy food..I had their famous wings and I can honestly say they were outrageous. I especially liked the cheese balls which are hard to find as WineBurger stopped carrying them.No particular reason this place wasn't 5 stars..it just didnt have that 5 star feel..maybe in the future when I go back.
The pretzels taste like cheap white bread. The cheese sauce tastes like velveeta. The decor looks like they put a pushcart vendor indoors.
Best Burger in the East Valley!I found out about this place on Yelp and decided to try it out last night on a whim. It is located right across the street another place in the area I frequent so I was shocked that I never heard of this place before.When I first stepped in I was kindly greeted by the staff and owner (who was also the chef) and we exchanged a few pleasantries before I ordered. You can see him cooking clear as day from any seat in the restaurant which is fairly uncommon and impressive for a burger joint. I ordered a simple burger with cheddar cheese and combo'd it with fries. The total was under $10 but I would have gladly paid more for it.The taste and flavor of this burger was superb. Better than any other burger place I've been to. It puts Islands, Five Guys, In n Out to shame in both taste, presentation, and value. I couldn't stop eating this burger. The beef was fresh, packed with flavor, and seasoned beautifully. It was a great cut of meat that was complimented very well by the perfectly toasted buns and their special burger sauce. The fries were fresh, plentiful, incredibly crispy, and included a ramekin of their sauce for dipping (which I quickly ran out of).I've never felt more satisfied and pleased after finishing a meal. The burger was portioned and perfectly sized and I probably could have wolfed down another order of fries with sauce easily.The best part about my visit was that the owner was amazingly kind and friendly. We chatted afterwards and he was genuinely passionless about his food, something that I think a lot of other burger places have lost through the "automation" of delivery.I can't recommend this place highly enough. It is definitely worth a drive out here. I will be sure to frequent this place from now on!
I'm mad at myself after seeing their Facebook ad months ago that I wasted time & money on other so-called "Chicago-style" establishments. You want real Chicago-style food, great service AND great prices? Well, look no further! THIS is where you need to go. I tried the bacon burger with the works Saturday, & it was the best burger I have had in months. Today I got their Italian beef ... This beats Portillo's by a landslide ... The fries are the best, and try a milkshake, too, you won't be disappointed since it's made with fresh strawberries ... OMG pure Chicago heaven. Bringing a friend from back home (Chicago) there for lunch tomorrow and I think I will either get a chili dog or a Chicago dog ... & another strawberry shake. And I met the owner today (yes, he's from Chi-town) ... What a great guy! Hats off to you, Lobby!! :)
Very expensive but I do believe that you get what you pay for so this restaurant certainly did a good job on the quality of the dishes and service. We came late on a monday night and the restaurant is about 3/4 full, waited about 5 minutes for a table. we ordered the following:Tuna Cones: ahi tuna filled inside won ton, very very good! white ceviche: white fish, goes great with the chipspan tomate: toasted bread with fresh garlic tomato sauce very good!traditional spanish chicken croquetas |grilled angus flat iron steak grilled lamb choplobster saffronmarinera PAELLAS, the best I ever had outside spain! they say the portion is for 2 ppl but I think it is more than enough for 4 ppl!Overall a great dinning experience here and will come back when I win big at the casinos!
Yummy food and very nice people! Awesome crepes and benedict!Crepes, berries were super fresh and delicious creme. Benedict has savory potatos and fantastic hollandaise sauce. The tarragon biscuit underneath is a great base.
Great local bar. Usually decent service both day and night. I've gambled and didn't get any drinks comp'd, but drink prices aren't bad. Breakfast is actually a good thing there. Love the big chairs in the bar area's table section too.
It will cost you about $80 (including a decent tip) for two entrees, one app of bruschetta and one Stella draft.  The food was good, but nothing over the top.  The service was good, but our waitress was in a rush to do her job.  I wouldn't recommend Wolfgang Puck unless you just wanna sit at the bar and have a wood fired pizza with a beer.
Forget abt the earlier post abt their acceptable ramen.  Went there just a few days ago and its ramen is on par with republic ramen, equally bad.Pls go to sushi Ken, that is really the only good place for good ramen.  order their spicy miso ramen there.The ramen here is 3 thin pieces of pork and noodles and some "western" vegetables like cabbage and brocoli.  yes, its that bad.  if i wanted this kind of stuff, those packet ramen noodles would be better.
We aren't sports bar people, but we really enjoyed this place. Crazy good spicy tuna thingy I had. My 19-yr old son ordered some kind of gi-normous burger that had an egg on it and it was so impressive that a patron walking by had to stop and comment on it. I didn't think too much about their wings...I prefer Wing King in Fort Mill...but they were passable. We stopped in one day, starving, and found the entire place focused on the Carolina-Clemson game. Great atmosphere and we had a fun time, even though we are actually MN Gopher fans!
The best part about coming to Duckworth's is the beer. With that being said, the best days to come and enjoy a beer are Tues & Thurs when most of the 50 or so beers they have on draft are $3.00. Those are the best nights to come and experiment with new beers and try something different. The food is a little bit above average bar food, nothing special going on here. The service isn't bad either. Be warned, if you come on $3 beer night it might be tough to find a table.
This place is a good 4.5 stars in my book. From the outside as a tourist it doesn't look like much but they have some amazing BBQ pork dishes with rice. I had their Pan Fried noodles and that was just ok but that BBQ pork though. That was awesome.
Sat at the bar due to wait... World cup was on and place was packed.Wait for service at the bar was beyond abysmal.  I mean truly so.  I got a bed sore on the bar stool.That said, he was friendly and helpful when we had his attention and the rolls, though abnormally gigantic, we're delicious.The sake recommend was decent and reasonably priced.I've been before and I'll go again.
Awesome outdoor seating along State Street (on the end closer to the capital bldg)Great Pilsner that they brew right there.Accept credit cards.  What more could you want?
Just back from the Wicked Spoon....It's definitely the WORST buffet I've ever been for dinner. Incredibly long wait in Line--Only to pay and then wait in a SECOND long line...about 1.5 hour wait.  $35 per person...Server never came back to ask if we needed refills on our drinks.....VERY LIMITED variety of food.  Don't GO...Don't believe all the HYPE that it's so great!!!!!. If you go, you'll regret it....
When it comes to buffets I think this is the best in Vegas! I will definitely be back for the dinner buffet next time!
Very Good. One of those places where you just can't decide what to get cause it all looks good. The fondue is a must. I would go back for that alone. Also me got the beff belly BLT. Awsome!  And the lamburger. We will be back.
Maybe the best burger I've ever had. The Bruges Burger was a small bit of braised short rib with Gouda on an excellent sourdough ish brioche. The burger was juicy and tasty and nothing short of perfect. Poutin was too salty for me, but replaced them with regular fries which were great!
Jessie B. and I had decided to go to lunch by where she worked. When she suggested sushi I was all in. Goyemon was so much fun. We ended up snagging the last two seats at the sushi bar. (Score) They even have convenient purse hooks under the bar. We both ordered the AYCE lunch ($21.95). They have a huge menu. Jessie luckily had been her before so she ordered some of her favs and I picked some that sounded tasty to me. I really enjoyed the fact you could order half rolls. It really gives you an opportunity to try lots of different rolls. Some of my favorites were the Sexy Girl, Lemon Roll, Pixie Roll and the scallops. I could go on forever, 'cause the truth is everything was good. The chefs and staff were very attentive and never let my water glass get empty. They also thanked us several times for coming in. I can not wait to go back again. I've been dreaming about it ever since! Mmmmm Goyemon!
Being a bit of a long walk from my place uptown I had never really even thought of checking this place out till now.  I'm glad I finally made the trek.  Tucked away in Brevard Court, which might I say, is really a cool little niche of uptown, Valhalla is a nice addition.  Exposed brick interior with the majority of the interior being the bar gives this place a nice neighborhood pub feel.  Combine that with the food and you've got a pretty decent place to grab a pint and a good meal.I enjoyed the turkey meatballs and side salad when I went but I really want to go back and try some of the other dishes, specifically some of the breakfast items.  Speaking of the breakfast items, they serve it all day long.  Parking for this place is non existent I'm pretty sure, you'll have to find street parking or a lot or a parking deck nearby.
Before I begin my review, I would first like to state the most negative part of Crepe Expectations: The fact I live in Orange County, CA and this place is all the way in Henderson, NV.  That is a real bummer to me now that I have tried this place out.My wife and a couple of friends visited Lake Mead over the weekend and didn't want to suffer the consequences of 10 bathroom breaks on the way home by eating the hotel's breakfast buffet.  So what did I do?  I fired up Siri on my iPhone and asked it where I can eat something good for breakfast as we strolled through Henderson.  Crepe Expectations topped the recommended food restaurants with its massive amounts of positive reviews so we said screw it, lets try this place out.Upon driving up, the store looks pretty timid and small - but was quite busy and thriving on the patio so it was pretty inviting.  When you walk through the door it reminds you of a very classy bar type of atmosphere with most of the tables packed with couples and families, and overall just a great atmosphere.When walking up to the counter the owner, Lou, was smiling ear to ear.  This guy was one of the most enthusiastic business owners I have ever met, you could tell he cares about his customers and has a lot of passion for what he does.  He took the time to explain various items on the menu in great detail, and was very well-spoken and articulated every detail of the dish he was explaining.  It was just so refreshing to see someone that stoked about what they do and how they run their business- you don't see that too often around my neck of the woods unfortunately. Anyway, my wife and I ordered the Sunday Morning plates and my friends ordered some other Crepe's that I do not recall.  We also ordered some Mimosa's which they had a huge menu of various flavors.Then the food came out - granted I have never even had a Crepe in my life... AMAZING.  The food was so tasty I can't even describe it.  My dish I had them add Serrano peppers and diced ham - I couldn't believe how great it tasted.  We requested some hot sauce and Lou recommended their house salsa.. best idea ever.  The salsa was so awesome, it was better than most authentic Mexican restaurants salsa!  The food was perfect, the service was prompt and courteous, and the owner himself is there to make sure everything comes out well and to your liking.  I felt like I was in his own dining room and a guest of Lou & his wife's house and left wanting to come back again, but unfortunately that won't be able to happen until our next Lake Mead trip.. next year :(
Was wanting some good Vietnamese food near my work, so I found this place. The food was AWESOME. Best egg roll and spring roll I ever had in my entire life. So much flavar in the egg roll. I could actually taste the pork and shrimp, as the crispy wrapper was very thin and it wasn't all dough. Can't remember the name of my main dish, but it was #43. Fried noodles with all kinds of chicken, shrimp, fish ball, veggies, sumari, scallop and squid (octopus?) on it. This was so delicious and fresh and not greasy at all. WOW .. that's all I can say. The place was very clean and I could tell it was recently remodeled. I give it four starts instead of 5 only because their English was so poor, it was really hard to communicate about to-go boxes, paying the bill, etc. Nobody comes to leave a bill, but we finally realized that others were going up to the bar to pay. I will definitely be back here, likely again and again.
Stopped in again last night.  Quick service!
Saw the sign for Phò and Vietnamese food and had high hopes.  First warning that this would be disappointing came from the menu,  which was in French, English and Chinese; no Vietnamese. Second warning also came from the menu, which contains sections for Vietnamese, Singaporean,  Malay and Chinese food.  Third warning was from the staff,  who were speaking Chinese amongst themselves.Despite the name, this is a generic "Asian" restaurant,  not a phò restaurent.But we ordered the food we were looking to eat; Phò and a vermicelli dish.The food was terrible. Watered down fish sauce. Weakly marinated grilled chicken. Wimpily pickled carrots and white radishes. The "Rare" beef in the soup,  which was anything but rare when it reached the table, was tough and stuck together. I don't think there was any brisket and the soup was bland.Nothing had any taste! Don't be afraid or too miserly to use spices and flavoring to your dishes!
I love this restaurant and hope it will stay open. Why? We went on a Friday at lunch time (11a.m.) and it was empty. No one came in during the course our meal.Anyway the food is amazing. We tried the plaintine, pof-pof, meat pie for appetizer.They were all really good. For the entree, i had the goat curry. Man so good. I want some more now... Anyway i went to see a movie afterward. It sucked. 2/5
This place was awesome. The salad bar is dangerous, as you can easily go crazy and forget that it's all you can meat afterwards! Very attentive wait staff. They don't miss a beat. The meat is top notch. Pace yourself and eat your favorite meat cuts first, in case you start running out of room towards the end. There is definitely a lot to choose from.Oh! And don't forget to have a Caipirinha! They're quite refreshing!
Great attention by the bar staff, cozy atmosphere with some wine by the fireplace.  Enjoyed our meal, but did not enjoy watching two wait staff downing a fifth in the "secluded" wait staff bar area between bar calls.  The charm of the place with the acoustic music made for an overall pleasant night.  Ignore the cheesy led candle lights.
Updating my review since this place changed names a while back, and added a bunch of outdoor seating.I love a patio on a leafy residential street, it's a unique kind of calm. The staff here yesterday were super friendly and kind - helping me carry my water outside when my hands were full of sandwich and coffee. The sandwich was a chunk of fresh baguette full of herbed goat cheese, bitter greens and pumpkin and sesame seeds - filling and light and tasty and $5. Cash only, pretty cosy.
New York steak was perfect. Veal was OK.Seafood pasta was as bad as it could be. Plus they give complimentary tap water, which smells disgusting and tastes even worse. Why don't you get some good water filtration system?
A favorite for breakfast or lunch, and fun to browse for unusual gifts. The BBQ is terrific, but come hungry!!!
Don't be mistaken TQLA doesn't have Mexican food exactly. It is called "New Mexican" food. While it was pretty delicious I wasn't expecting this. The main difference is that there are a lot healthier choices than a Mexican food restaurant. The chips and salsa were good. The service was excellent. If you are coming here for traditional Mexican food you will be disappointed.
This place was delicious!! Loved the staff & the options for health food & uniqueness!You can watch your food being prepared & the wait is minimal for the amount of effort put into the food. I would recommend this place in a heart beat!
No roasted red peppers? This place has gone down the tubes- like all good things in Vegas. I've been a patron of Metro for a few decades and the sauce must've changed because it was disgusting and unoriginal- it now tasted different. The Spring Street pizza stated roasted peppers as an ingredient- but I never imagined they'd be green because they never were before. When brought to the server's attention, even he wasn't aware because he went back to ask, I'm guessing the kitchen- or pretended to go ask- but returned and said they longer use red peppers... What? A pizza place no longer serving roasted red peppers? He wasn't even empathic to our disappointment. And to add to the bad experience, their own brand of draft beer is gross. With all the other pizza options and specialty draft brews around, Metro has officially lost two customers due to the poor quality of food and service. Good riddance.
My husband really likes this place. A lot. I like the face that they remember my name when I walk in. I love the Chicago hotdogs, not a fan of the round pizza cut into squares.  That's just weird. But the dogs and Italian beef are awesome. The service is excellent as well.
Really enjoy the fresh food served here at Wildflower Bread Company. One of our favorite places to dine at for our Saturday lunch dates.
Great place, full of mexicain flavors, ver authentic.I had a great time here, and the bill is not very expensive. There are definitely more "high end" tacos places in Montreal, but ElRey Del Taco will suit your purist needs.
24 Carrots was my last vegan stop during a recent trip to Arizona.  I was hoping to try one of their weekly lunch offerings, but arrived too early!  I settled for a couple of their brunch options and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the Carrot Cake Pancakes and Arizona Bowl.  The pancakes were a great - fluffy with chunks of carrot and pumpkin seeds.  I also had a side of tofu bacon with them and it was really flavorful and had a great texture.  The Arizona Bowl was delicious - a mix of tofu, soyrizo, veggies, spinach, and avocado.  I think that my bowl was missing the cheese and beans, but it was still filling and really tasty.  I also tried a piece of almond coconut chocolate cake, which was yummy as well.  I was there the day after Easter (for which they were closed) so the baked goods and desserts case was empty, they were out of maple syrup, and my bowl seemed to lack a few components.  I understand that it was the day after a holiday, but really wish they had a bit more to offer.  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Arizona with the hopes of trying out more of their offerings!
Just opened today in downtown summerlin. Went for lunch w a colleague. Food was as expected from a CPK and the set up of the restaurant was really nice. This is the 3rd restaurant in the new shopping area that I've been to on opening day and the staff is always a little over zealous and nervous on the first day but jeez, the staff here today was annoying as hell. First, there were probably as many people in staff as there were eating. Our server interrupted us frequently, and was heavily pushing from the start a dessert we had no interest in for lunch. My food was almost taken out of my hand while I was still eating. I was asked probably 10 times in 10 minutes if I was done or wanted a to go box from about 6 different staffers. Also was additionally asked the same over and over for drink refills after we said no. I'm excited about the new restaurant but just let people eat and enjoy the food and atmosphere! We were patient and understanding for a while but it got to be too much so we left and walked around for a bit. I'll come back but I hope the servers will be more acclimated and less pressured to sell and serve. It's obviously coming from the management but there's a fine line between being helpful and ruining the experience.I'd suggest going here to check it out but maybe after they've been in business a month or so.
