"This was one of the best dining experiences I've had.  I've been going to try Twist for awhile and I went there last night for a special meal.  I got the 6 course chef's tasting menu.  I made a reservation for 6 PM, the time they open. I was going to Blue Man Group later and I wanted to have plenty of time for a relaxed dinner and time to get to the show.David took my order after answering some questions I had about the menu--a menu I had poured over online.  He was a great help.There were five canap\u00e9s delivered shortly after.  They're small and they were quite interesting in flavor and execution.  They were in/on three items.  My favorite was the salad of watermelon and dragon fruit, passion fruit, and basil.  A close second was the paprika-tomato meringue with smoked salmon and black olive agar.  The almond and ginger sable was none too shabby either.  All 5 were excellent!The first course was glazed Skate with red miso water, spring vegetables and Paris mushroom duxelle.The second course consisted of the 3 small bites--a grilled prawn on spinach velout\u00e9 with garlic and parmesan.  The second bite was a piece of lobster with poached turnip, toasted sesame, and bisque.  The third portion was a cold, soft-boiled egg with Ossetra caviar in the yolk on a bed of marinated clams, red ahi tuna, and cuttlefish.Course three was Mediterranean John Dory with pink pepper, fine foie gras tart and baby artichokes.The fourth course was a palate cleanser.  It was a champagne sorbet which had some salted cucumber and a Campari soaked Red Beet.  I was blown away by the cucumber and sorbet combination.  Fantastic!Course five was Sonoma Valley Duck Breast with Alexia Potato, berries on a piquillo pepper reduction, and Bigarrde sauce.  The duck was excellent and the tart fruit with the pepper reduction--another superb flavor pairing!The last course was dessert which consisted of 5 different small desserts.  They were a coffee panna cotta with Bailey's, Kahlua, Coffee Gel\u00e9e and lime sorbet.  Almond-Frangipane cake with lemon-Krisch syrup.  A third was strawberry soup with raspberry and basil, and a \"Bella Vista\" granit\u00e9.  Then a fresh coconut tartlet with iced coconut, cilantro, and celery curls.  The last was a chocolate ganache.  As with the entire meal, the flavors developed in the desserts was wonderful!  Coconut, cilantro and celery--who would have thought?Service was excellent all evening, even when things became quite busy.  When my iced tea got low, a server brought me a new glass and switched the two.  I didn't have to ask, it was just done.  A funny example, when things weren't so busy, I sneezed.  Within a few moments, a server was at the table with a box of Kleenex.  Service with a smile and funny!  The same server also brought me a small Mandarin Oriental bag with a copy of all the menu items.  He had heard me mention to one of the servers that I'd never remember all the things.  The server wanted to make sure I had something to remind me.  Classy!The restaurant is very classy and the view is excellent.  I was there during daylight and dined long enough to enjoy seeing the lights come on along the Boulevard!  I wore a jacket and tie--their website requests that men wear jackets.  Most came dressed with business casual.Truly a wonderful dinner, about 2 1/2 hours.  It's worth the cost for the chance to try some unique foods in a unique setting with superb service!"


"The pizza is pretty good, but the price is rather inflated (I guess it just goes hand-in-hand with the Vegas lifestyle).  The types of pizza are unique, and the crust is of the thin floppy variety.  They also offer garlic bread (balls..blobs..?) that are decent.  There is limited counter space to stand at, and even more limited stools on which to sit.  They also have some arcade games, and the walls of the mini alley are lined with countless photos which was pretty neat.My biggest woe is that it took forever to find!  The Cosmopolitan doesn't have any signs up for it, and it's hidden in this alley way to the right of an Asian restaurant, near a non-functional glass elevator, 3rd floor.  Don't bother with Google Maps walking directions either, it takes you outside where you can smell the darned pizza baking but you can't see it!  Talk about a rough night..."

"I have eaten here over 10x. I used to go a lot on my lunch break, but I have stopped. They had really good burgers. The environment is nice, but the last 2x I went they messed up my order and I believe they made a mistake and put sugar on my french fries."

"This place is very good!Started off with the calamari in umido! Well done. 2nd was the zuppa di cozze & vongole also very good. For the main coarse  Pollo scarpariello is excellent! Next my mother had the penne alla vodca also very good! So all in all a very nice dining experience! Cant wait to try the pork chop next time!",

"Bagels here are step up from Panera, Brueggers, einsteins, etc.  Try to get mail coupons from here.The inside is very cramped, hot, and staff could be friendlier."

"I loved this place and I can't believe it was just by accident that I discovered it. I was walking by on St Catherine's last night and saw a guy making crepes in a window. I thought to myself, this is a place to go for breakfast tomorrow and that's what I did today. For less than $11, I got a giant coffee and a huge spinach and egg crepe. I arrived at 8am and there were hardly any customers. I was surprised and then concerned but not for long. Service was fast and polite, and the crepe was perfect! I plan to come back tomorrow and try a crepe from their sweet menu-strawberries and dark chocolate. Mmm!"

"Just moved over to Ray/Priest and wanted to try Coal Burger. I went in a couple of weeks ago since I saw they had organic choices. I like the set-up, you can eat in fairly quickly or take out. I liked the selections they had and the service was great although they didn't have to do much since I took it home. I got an Organic Hamburger with fries. The fries were just regular fries, nothing fancy but delicious as all fries pretty much are. The burger was tasty but was nothing really special which overall is what I would say about Coal Burger was that it's just ok. The meat and bun were small for what I paid and very underwhelming. I don't think I'll be back, I love San Tan or other burger places too much to come back here."

"The restaurant was clean, the service was good, but the food just didnt have it.  I'm huge into \"sauces\" but each one I tried was too plain.  The sandwich was dry and for what I got it seemed a little overpriced.I miss the greek place...PS.  I went back (very close to my office) and the food was actually pretty good on the 2nd go-round."

"Just had a late lunch and a beer today. Food was very very good! Wings and burger and fries were delish! Waitress acted like it was her first day. Maybe it was? KNOW YOUR BEERS if you're a server, study the menu or write it down and put it in your pocket! All in all we will go back for the food!"

"My daughter loves this place.  They have a awesome atmosphere and friendly staff. My daughter had her 4th birthday party here and its was a amazing time for her and all her friends. Their food and coffee is a added ++."

"EAT THE ONION RINGS!!! They are amazing and only $2!!! The bbq here is decent, I have been here a few times and usually get the pulled pork sandwich, standard bbq meal. I'd give the bbq 6of10 but the great service and GIANT shark tank bring it up to an 8of10. I took a group of 25 last night and they handled a large group very well; we all ate and paid in a little over an hour. The manager Carl is extremely nice and accommodating."

"Sorry...Can only give this place 2 stars. We went at night, and the 1st thing we noticed was the cold, hard, white, & un-inviting  lights!!!! Ugh! ...Terrible lighting in there! It was like street light lighing, or like warehouse lighting....Was not appropriate for a dining place at all!  The waiter informed us that they were out of 3 things on the menu! (...That's a bad sign right there!). I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Cole Slaw.The sauce & the shredded chicken came separate....You had to pour in the sauce on the chicken.  At Honey Bears, it already mixed in, which I feel is better that way.The chicken wasn't really that warm, luke warm at most, and that goes for the sauce, too. Plus, I thought the sauce was on the bland side. It was missing flavor.  The cole slaw was the same way...bland.  Honey Bear's is far better!! ...Their sauce is kick-ass! ...It has a 'kick'.Also, the sound acoustics were awful in there. There were only about  8 people dining but it sounded like there were 40 people! Also, I spotted an employee eating food in the kitchen.... I don't think that customer should be seeing that happening.One more thing, the restroom smelled absolutely HORRIBLE! ...Like a sewer in there! ...Sorry for all of the complaints, but I am just telling you what happened on my visit there... We will most likely not return here.  Honey Bear's BBQ is way better!"

"We tried them with the a coupon I got in the mail. Buy one get one. Good food. I loved their banana muffins. Fresh fresh. Waitress was really nice."

"Oh my! We are visiting Madison for a family event and one evening my daughter returned home with a pulled pork sandwich and chicken wrap which were delicious!It was a quick take out and an even faster devouring of some really great food... Left us pining for more so now this place is on my prowl list..."

"Panera Bread wannabes. Food was OK and coffee was Eh. Not large portions for price. Free chocolate chip cookie was a nice touch and the orange scone was good. Broccoli cheddar soup was pretty good. Would not come back."

"I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work."

"Incredible cocktails and great happy hour! Staff was super warm and friendly. Deviled eggs, peppers and flatbread were all great. You can alway tell what kind of cocktails you are gonna get by the type of ice they use. A big block in my old fashioned set the stage for great drinks! Will be back for sure."

"I've been to MRT multiple times.  The first to check out for a new potential lunch spot and after approval, I brought a client there for lunch again.  The food, staff and atmosphere were great all times. Great addition to Montford in my mind.  I'll keep going back."

"This group of restaurants rarely donate to local schools, charities etc, so I rarely visit it, but I visit when it is convenient to my friends.  This restaurant has pricey good food, but they always treat me strangely when I am there.  It's like if you are not a regular, you are disposable.  When I spend that kind of money, I don't want to be rushed by server b/c it is 10 p.m.   I also want the last piece or prosciutto on the board-- so stop trying to bus it every four minutes."


"I went here today for the first time - the food was awesome.  Very fresh and full of flavor.  The service was great as well.  I will def be back soon.  ;-)"

"OMG I love this place.  I go EVERY FRIDAY!  Call ahead and its almost always ready by the time I get there, usually within 10-15 minutes.  I go so much she now knows my name and my order.  Im shocked to see people say they are rude.  Never once have they been rude, even before I became a regular and Ive never seen them be rude to anyone while I am in there.  I always get the combination plate Chicken Katsu and BBQ Short Ribs and my bf gets combination plate BBQ Chicken and Chicken Katsu.  Its quite a bit of food for $9 and some change.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Its an old diner style place but big, spacious and ok.  Its not a 5 star restaurant but nice, esp compared to some of the ones I've been to around town.  Great place, great food, great price!"

"Great spot looking out at camelback mountain.  They have an ever rotating selection of craft beers and knowledgeable, friendly bartenders.  The wings are very tasty.  We're bringing a friend back because we had a great time."

"Worst cafe rio I have ever been too. Completely Out of all their juices and their brewed tea's didn't have lids exposing the deliciousness of that which is tea to all the environmental factors. Beans were slimy. Not a very pleasant working staff either.  The cheery on top is the airconditoning unit was broken."

"Loved my Vegan Burger here - have never had something like that before.  It was two portabella mushrooms with peppers etc. inside.  Also had sweet potato fries. Everything was absolutely delicious. Waiter was exceptional. Would have given 5 stars except we sat at the entrance next to a busy, kind of run down mall.  If you are looking for great food at reasonable prices - without too much fuss - this is it."

"Just came across this place on a restaurant search ap this morning and wanted to give it a try. I could easily end up becoming a regular here.We went for breakfast, but they also have lunch and have recently added dinner. Oh, and they do Take and Bake pizza on top of that! I had the tofu scramble and my partner had the French toast. Both were amazing. We split a freshly baked vegan cinnamon roll with our coffee for dessert. Unbelievably sweet and tasty.It was pretty quiet this morning so there was no waiting and plenty of time for the owner to share lots of info about The Cutting Board, the menu, ingredients, plans for the future etc..  The food came out in a reasonable amount of time by a friendly server who was also able to explain some of the details of my scramble. I didn't recognize some of the micro greens on top so she clued me in.I was nosy with the table near us and those folks shared that the breakfast burrito and the tofu tamari English muffin were also really good.Cleanliness matters to me and this place was spotless.We noticed they had a few outside tables and a water bowl for dogs. Thinking next time will bring the boys.Okay, my Take and Bake pizza is almost ready. Hope it is as good as breakfast was."


"Not surprised to see this place is closed- a little relieved.They had a Groupon up, so they were clearly hurting for business. Shit-talking your existing customers generally doesn't encourage more people to give you a try, either: see management's response to Paul G's review. That alone dropped my typical 3-star-mediocre rating to a bottom of the barrel single-star.Menu is small, not too many specialty rolls and even when you order them they are small. Take out seems to be a hassle for this location but dining in would take a century and a half.Fish is not the freshest and pricing is on par with places that have better quality. There are so many other places in the city that do sushi better and with more variety, sans an attitude problem.Good riddance."

"On the fence with a mixed bag of deliberation.Let me first commend the hostesses. Great opener to the first-time visitor. Extremely friendly, courteous, and genuinely enthusiastic.We ordered the loaded BBQ nachos, crispy (deep fried\") meatloaf, cheddar cheese grits, fried catfish sandwich, crackling pork shank, and BBQ brisket.The best part of the meal was the appetizers. That meatloaf and nacho boulder were a phenom start.... (that meatloaf should be on every deathrow prisoner's bucket list)......... then it went sideways and slightly downhill like a 2-bit skateboard park. The catfish was too salty, brisket too dry, and cheese grits too...... out-of-a-cardboard-box tasting. The one saving grace was the pork shank because....... how the heck can anyone screw up pork at a BBQ place?The live band was very ordinary (seriously, how do you mess up \"My Sharona\"?), but the highlight throughout the night were the double barrel dancers that kicked their heels throughout the night up in the rafters, as well as waddling and 2-stepping throughout the restaurant...... a very welcomed distraction.Because this is an SBE restaurant, on top of the fact that a Vegas bar is expected to be high at these menu prices (yeah they're not cheap folks), my expectations are high, and therefore rating standards are tough on this one. Cocktails were decent, but ridonkulously high-priced for the small quantity, and Bar service was slow. They also need to work on sound engineering and accoustic construction (waaaaay too much audible turbulence for a restaurant), and the air is far too thick. I think it has something to do with fog machines, but whatever it is, airflow is very stale and we eventually left because of headaches.That said, I won't take away from the general fun atmosphere of the place. The dancers really brought a great dynamic to the place, and there was no shortage of gawking diners. It was sort of reminiscent of the days when the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders could send any place into a high-octane frenzy when they toured the country and were a one-of-a-kind breed back in the day.From a epicurean standpoint, skip this place if you're expecting anything more than a basic BBQ roadhouse joint. But if you're in the mood for group fun, you'll probably like it. Will I come back? For partying? Yes. For food? Meh..... we'll see...."

"The name \"Hula\" makes me think of greasy Hawaiian BBQ but I can promise you that you won't find any of that at this hopping Scottsdale eatery. My friend and I went for lunch and we were pleased that they had their own parking lot (albeit small) and we were surprised that the interior was classy (whereas we were expecting uber casual beachy). Service was prompt and friendly and it was only a matter of time before our lunches arrived - Caesar salad with shrimp rolls and a Polynesian chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The Caesar dressing is amazing so I would recommend any of the Caesar salads here.  The Polynesian chicken sandwich was excellent but definitely a little messy so if you are at Hulas on a first date or lunch interview I would skip it.  :-).  For visitors from colder parts of the country, I can see where they would really enjoy the garage doors that roll up for access to the small outdoor patio and to welcome Sonoran breezes.Not only is the food good here but the atmosphere is great too.  If you are fortunate enough to be there when the weather is ideal it's reminiscent of a San Diegan or Hawaiian ocean front burger stand."

"I am a tiki aficionado and was looking forward to checking this place out. The curb appeal is rather cool outside. Entering the place it does have a real modern feel hence the word in their name. However, I was really really disappointed that there wasn't any tiki type props or decorations anywhere in the restaurant other than the kitschy midcentury props stored inside the bar and the lonely only picture in the entire tiki themed restaurant hidden in the corner - a Mark Ryden print. I just expected a lot more and was told by the bartender that the other central location is better themed so I hope that they're going to make some additions as far as the decor goes . Now we had just eaten at Malee's Thai Room so we didn't sample any of the food items. What we did have was this giant scorpion bowl drink that was strong as heck and tasted awesome - flaming nectar of the gods it was. Bravo! Mr. Bartender. We would have stayed just a little bit longer but there was an extremely intoxicated noisy loud platinum blonde Snottsdale bimbo screeching stupidity right next to my wife's ear so we decided to pack it up after one. I'll make my way down here again and check it out again and maybe downtown too."

"Ok I will admit it, I love Italian food.  I could eat pasta every night of the week. But when we go out to eat, it's rarely at an Italian restaurant. You see, my grandmother was from Italy and cooked like you wouldn't believe. And because if that I'm a little (lot) picky about the quality of my Italian food. Leaving a hole in my dining out repertoire. Until now!!!If my grandmother was alive, even she would love the food at La Fontana!  Took the whole family in on a Thursday for, regrettably, a quick bite. Oh how I wish I had two hours to sit and eat 5 courses of this fresh, authentic Italian cuisine!! We made it fast but it was amazing. First off the ambiance is classic, loads of family pictures on the walls and I'm pretty sure \"The Godfather\" score was playing in the background. We were greeted by Franco, the realist deal around. So warm and friendly, he made the entire experience feel more like eating at a beloved friends house than a restaurant. We had pasta and meatballs for the kids; pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, the sauce was as good as Grandmas. And that's a BIG deal in my family. I didn't get to taste a meatball before they gobbled them up, but I heard they were tender and tasty. Husband had chicken parm; chicken breast lightly breaded, covered with sauce and melted mozz, a side of rigatoni- cooked to perfection. I had the Penne Alla Puttanesca. It comes with capers and olives, they had no problem adding peas at my request. It was DIVINE. Again with the perfectly cooked pasta in a sauce that had nice deep flavor without being too spicy like some puttanesca. We didn't have time for dessert but I know I will go back and get my hands on their Tiramisu. Final verdict: YOU! Yes, you. Go now. Go tonight. Eat at La Fontana every chance you get. I know I will!!! Grandma would be proud! Ciao!"

"I could write a book on how good this place is. Menu is flawless.  I've had almost all of it.  Love all of it.  Garlic rice is my clear fav!!!   You just gotta trust me and go and get some"

"Normally I wouldn't really look twice at a random sports bar, but there aren't a ton of places in LV (especially in my neighborhood) where you can bring kids and watch football. Bentley's gets points there because it's not super smoky, they serve food, and it's never packed, so there's plenty of space for the kids to move around if they want.It's a pretty good place to watch football because there are lots of tvs and you can get a speaker for your table if you ask.Bonus for the patio outside, looking at Sunset Park.However, they lose points several other places: the management (after 2-ish years) has yet to change the outside sign from Nikki Lee's to Bentley's. It's dark and dirty-feeling inside. Food is a little high priced.They can't even bother to print out a nice-looking menu at FedEx and have it laminated. Instead they give you a photocopied version of the old one, stapled together (seriously).So overall, Bentley's is kinda divey (which is not my scene), but due to it's family-ish atmosphere, we'll probably be back."

"I was torn between 3 stars or 2. What saved them was the service. Hostess seated us right away, our water glasses were ALWAYS full, and our waitress visited us a few times to make sure everything was going ok.The reason for the low rating was the food. First of all charging over $3 for salsa \"tasters\" is ridiculous. When I go to a Mexican restaurant I expect to get chips and salsa. Just like I expect to get bread and olive oil at an Italian place. So we ordered the guacamole and some salsa. Portion was good but the taste was average. I ordered the swordfish tacos. All in all they were very good. You get 4 tacos in a serving and it came with a piece of fish and slaw. The slaw was a cabbage and jalepineo mix which was VERY good.My wife ordered the chicken enchilada. So so... Chicken was ok but the smothered it with a creamy sort of dressing that ruined the dish.Probably won't go back."

"Really enjoyed this place! Went here for my birthday with family and I'm happy we did! We LOVE mexican food and good salsa/guacomole and Mercadito had both. The menu was a little confusing but that is very minor compared to how great the food and service was.Our waitress Amber was fabulous. She seemed very happy to be at work and was very knowledgeable. We got the 'unlimited 3 salsas,' and 'traditional guacomole,' to start with. Everything tasted sooo fresh. I'm a guacomole connoisseur (haha) and fell in love with Mercadito's guac. I'm already craving to go back for it. I got the enchiladas and they were delish. You know its great food when you can taste the freshness and that is what my family and myself kept talking about.I can't wait to go back & Thank you Amber for a great experience!"

"Interesting location. Excellent food. Great beer. Waiters are very nice people. Really injoyed my stay."
