Bacaro's cuisine is innovative and delicious! Appropriate proportions are creatively presented. Ingredients are always fresh and the specials take advantage of what's in season, putting subtle twists on traditional dishes that make you relish for the next bite! The service and ambiance are the tops! Clean, engaging art, cool bar! Thad the owner is most gracious and makes everyone feel like a guest in his home. The wait staff is most accommodating and shares in Thad's love for the culinary arts. Bacaro might remind you of a River North restaurant (Chicago) without the inflated cost. Great people watching can be had on their outdoor terrace.

Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also, they serve great Black and Tans.  Sometimes the service can be a bit slow, but overall, I recommend George and Dragon.

I was pretty excited about trying this place out after looking at posted photos on YELP and reading a descriptive menu online.Smiling employees upon arrival. Morning Torta is very good. Breakfast burrito is very good. I would definitely go back.

Absolutely delicious food and friendly staff. I have never been disappointed. The place could use a little renovation but it is clean and the food is amazing for the price. Also important to note, The times and days it is open are wrong on yelp. For example, It is open on Sunday

When I was the young age of 3, my mom brought me to YC's. I have been going ever since. This place is such a pleasant change from all the typical restaurants where you sit down, order from a set menu, and then get served your meal. Here you get to branch out and build your own Mongolian stir-fry from a huge selection of raw ingredients from the buffet style food line. There's meat, tons of vegetable selections, other toppings, and various types of noodles to add. But the personalization doesn't stop there. You then get to create your own sauce either on your own or using any of YC's own personal recipes. At this point, you hand over your bowl to one of their "grill warriors" and watch them bring your stir-fry to life on the giant grills. The finished product always is perfectly cooked, has epic taste and flavor because it has EXACTLY what you want, and keeps you coming back! YC's also has crispy wontons, rice, and chopsticks (of course) to complete the meal! This is a place I will never get tired of because the possibilities are endless. Their facility is always clean and staff is welcoming and helpful. Not to mention, it is very affordable. I highly recommend everyone to "mongo" at YC's Mongolian Grill!

I've been going to Ted's Hot Dogs my entire life, so my opinion may be a little biased. Nobody around has hot dogs as good as these guys. Lucky thing about Ted's is that they have 7 locations in and around Buffalo, New York and ONE in Arizona. What makes them great are the dogs, obviously. They still have the natural skin casings, so when they're cooked over the large charcoal grill the outsides get nice and chard 'n crispy. When you bite into one of these you get a nice satisfying POP. The toppings you can get are pretty standard but also very fresh, and the chili is very meaty and goes on perfect with a little bit of cheese. The other menu items are just as good. From Foot-longs, White Hots, and Bratwurst to Hamburgers, Corn dogs, and Chicken. It all gets thrown on the grill and cooked to perfection.Like I've said before my opinion is a little biased, Ted's being a childhood favorite of mine. But nobody stays open for more than 25 years, and still has a guaranteed line out the door during lunch time that isn't worth checking out.

As the axiom goes, "you get what you pay for" and that is certainty the case here.Sure, the price ($6.99/ lunch) seems low, but when you come face to face with the food, it screams blandness, unhealthiness, and low quality.  The lunch selections include a taco bar with greasy, high-fat beef, a salad bar that attempts to imitate Sweet Tomatoes but it comes up far short, some other low-quality Chinese and Italian options and a dessert bar.So, if you are searching for a buffet, I highly suggest that you continue the search and pay a few bucks extra per person for a higher quality and better selection elsewhere.  Learn from my mistake as my first time here was my last.

A busy location. We had a 35 min wait at dinner time on a Tuesday. Service was friendly. Cheesy bread was very good and everyone from our group of 5 all liked their dinners.

Always love going here with my girlfriend and the staff is great. Kim and Kali are a great waitstaff. They have a great selection of lunch and dinner options. Great bar selection and fantastic prices. Perfect neighborhood grill and bar.

Pretty good here.  We got some sushi thing on a cracker which was great.  Its japanese food with a twist.  Most of the other foods we ate were fresh and has something special done to it.  Don't get the beef bowl though cuase its like yoshinoya.  Atmosphere is great.  Try to go early or you will wait for a good while.

Why can't this chain take over Roberto's??? A big thumbs up. I got the junior burrito with beans, rice, carne asada, and pico de gallo. Ahhhh all the great memories of going to the taco trucks in California flooded back. $3 bucks. That's a great deal. The place may be fast food, but it's authentic. I wish they had more locations.

This is our spot.  It's a family owned restaurant with a family atmosphere.   We come in every weekend for the food, because it is phenomenal,  but also for the service which is better than any other restaurant in this town.  Hands down!  The price is great.  The staff is friendly.  The owner or his son are the ones who greet you.  It is the absolute best!  Get the Chili Verde omlet and Spuds.  I swear to you it is amazing!!!!

Very very disappointed at the girls here... I would have expected them to be of finer quality here then at other hooters establishments, but they were worse!!  Of the 20 or so girls there, they did not live up to the "name" you "look" for. I think all the attractive girls went to make more money elsewhere in Vegas.Onto the food...  the wings are pretty good as always, but the fries they gave us were sooooooooooo cold!!  And the girls I was with would not let me send them back for fresh ones (they didn't want them to defile the new fries).

I love fried chicken. I love it, especially the wings. So when I heard about Price's slap your momma goodness, I was psyched to try it out. Ok, $12 for just the bird seemed a bit pricey, but they're independently owned, so I overlooked it. Bojangles has a lot more wiggle room in pricing, because of the sheer volume. What I couldn't overlook, at the end of dinner, was that it didn't taste better than Bojangles. Now, I do love Bojangles, but I hoped since I was paying more for somewhat home-cooked taste that Price's would be worth the price. It was not. Not bad, just not super-dope-crazy special--no matter what your hipster friends tell you.

A group of friends and I visited Biaggis last Friday, we were thrilled to be seated in the Wine Room. This is a beautiful room and we had some privacy which really helped everyone unwind after a very busy week. We ordered Crab cakes first and they were flavorful. I ordered the Shrimp Salad for the entree and my friend ordered the Salmon salad, both salads were delicious. A couple of friends ordered the vegetarian pizza which looked great. The waitstaff was very polite and attentive. We will continue to visit whenever we can.

The 3 closest Pandas to my house have been very inconsistent, so we decided to give this location a try. It wasn't any better. The workers here do not listen. The guy in front of us was ordering in Spanish. The lady scooped in half chow mein, half fried rice. I guess that wasn't right because she scooped the fried rice back into the pan. That was still wrong because she then dumped the chow mein back into the pan and gave him all fried rice. Weird.So then I ordered. Asked for fried rice and honey sesame chicken. She scoops the fried rice onto the plate and then takes my boyfriend's order. Then she asks me what entree. Honey sesame chicken! Ugh. My boyfriend got orange chicken and teriyaki chicken so we could share everything. Then I get up to the register. I ask for 2 small drinks. The cashier asks me what size. Small! She rings me up and hands me one cup. I asked for two! So we then had to pay for the second drink... We go to fill up our drinks and there is spillage all over the drink station.Sat down to eat. The honey sesame chicken was cold. The orange chicken was barely warm. The teriyaki chicken? It was great! Delicious meat, yummy sauce. That was the winner. The fried rice was also good. At times it has been undercooked/crunchy, but they did a good job today. The Panda Passion tea is very good too. Went to get refills before we left and they had made a pathetic attempt to wipe the spill but it still wasn't clean. All in all, no reason to go out of our way to eat at this location because it's just as inconsistent as the others.

Picked due to good Yelp reviews & 2 $$. We missed Chevys that closed down:( Looking for more simple Mexican food..FRESH being so important. We were greeted quickly, plenty of open seats on a Saturday night. Wow amazing fresh salsa A+ chips plus bean dip. We ordered a Chimi & chicken corn tacos w/ a side of black beans. Yeah..new favorite Mexican place! Plenty of food for your $ that is made w/ love. Fresh & tasty makes me happy!

Love it! Swanky little place nestled in the heart of downtown Scottsdale :). The chop salad is SO goood! You should ask for Chris- haha! My friend and I went on a Tuesday night- no, it wasn't the place to be. It was actually really low key, which was cool since it was our first time there! I totally recommend it ;). Cheers!

I have friends who absolutely love Spago and continually rave about the short ribs. So when another friend came into town for the weekend, I decided we should try it out based on their recommendations. I knew Spago was going to be pricy, but every dish was about $10 more than I was expecting still. A dish I expected (based on similar surrounding restaurants) to be about $35 was $45 and this was true across the menu. Because of that, we had to skip our appetizers. I had the short rib and my friend had the lamb chops. My short ribs were good, but didn't live up to the expectations I had (which were admittedly high). The flavor was great but they were the fattiest short ribs I've ever had so I had to cut large sections out. My friend's lamb chops were fantastic but they came with risotto. This is when things went downhill. The risotto was forgotten at first. They then admitted the mistake and brought some risotto. However, the risotto they brought after they forgot it was undercooked - noticeably undercooked. We complained and they took it back and brought some new risotto. it seemed to be the same risotto but a helluva lot hotter. Maybe they just undercooked a large batch of risotto and scooped out some more undercooked risotto or maybe they just zapped it in a micro. We gave up on the risotto.The service was another issue. The chef came out briefly and said how was our meal. He said this before we had gotten any food so he just turned and walked away. Very awkward. And we never had the same waiter. It was someone different doing everything so when we had the issue with the risotto it was very difficult to correct it.Maybe it was an off night, everyone I talk to seems to love it, and the food wasn't bad, just nowhere near as good as expected. But for that price, you shouldn't have an off night like that.

One of my favorite restaurants in Los Angeles has made it to Las Vegas.The vibrantly colored, upscale Mexican restaurant with cuisine created by celebrity chefs Susan Feniger and Mary Sue Milliken has been a legend in Santa Monica for decades, but they recently expanded their business by opening a new restaurant in Downtown LA, sending a food trucks out into the streets of Los Angeles, and launching a location in Mandalay Bay. I'm happy to say that the Vegas version of the iconic restaurant lives up to the reputation of the original created by the "Two Hot Tamales."Stuffed Plantains, Chile Rellenos, slow-cooked Carnitas... the menu is made entirely of perfectly crafted Mexican deliciousness. And their strong, flavorful, and Margaritas are unforgettable (unless you drink too many, in which case you'll forget more than the drinks you had at the restaurant).The Mandalay version also features the same energetic and colorful graffiti art  on the walls that the Santa Monica version is known for, with views of Mandalay's pool area.I love The Border Grill so much and the Vegas version does not disappoint.

Heerlijk eten, zeer vriendelijke bediening. Echt een aanrader en nette prijzen. Echt een uitje. Als we weer naar vegas gaan gaan we er zeker weer eten

Went for breakfast there on our last day in Vegas.  I am disappointed that I did not go here sooner so I could have went back again!  We each had chicken and waffles.  I got a specialty flavor, coconut chicken! It was outstanding.  The hashbrowns didn't do it for me at all.The pancake was hugely overpriced but delicious so I am glad we split one between us.

I finally made my way to Sharp Edge this weekend for the first time.  Make no mistake, I came for the beer.  I  was not disappointed.  The beer selection is very impressive.  They have a long list of drafts and hundreds of bottles.  You will have no problem finding something you like especially if you enjoy Belgian beer.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and brought a member of my party a free sample to help her decide.  Happy hour is definitely the best time to go for 1/2 off Belgian drafts and $1 off craft drafts.The food did not impress me, however.  There weren't many items on the menu that caught my eye.  I ordered the Southwest Chicken burger that I thought was really dry.  The fries were below-average fresh cut fries that were a little too crispy.The bar atmosphere was pretty relaxed with a couple big screen tv's.  A nice place to watch the game.  We were seated in the back room though which was unimpressive.  No tv's and much more of a restaurant feel.  I didn't ask to sit in the bar area though so I can't complain.  I would say Sharp Edge is a great place for groups.I will definitely come back for the great beer selection and chill at the bar with some friends, but I'll probably eat somewhere else beforehand.

I love the soup here!  I would go here just for that! Beyond the soup, it is definitely one of the better buffet's in Charlotte.  A little on the pricey side but well worth it in my opinion!

The King Crab was by far the best crab I have ever eaten, and the largest crab legs themselves I ever saw.The Swordfish is suppose to be incredible, but I only know that 2nd hand.

*sssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh*i'm effing melting into my brie burger.

This place looks like a pink-n-purple disco spaceship landed upon a garden and decided to serve food to the denizens of Las Vegas. It doesn't have the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but its fun atmosphere makes up for any culinary shortcomings.The service was quick and friendly, and our drinks were always kept full to the brim. Bonus points for the huge cups of coffee (at least by diner standards) and the shakers of multi-colored granulated sugar. I think everyone in our group had breakfast food and concurred that while the egg dishes were on the so-so side, the tasty hash browns and liberal portions of toast/bagels/muffins negated that.This is an excellent place to get some good, reasonably priced diner food that didn't come from a Denny's.

Checked this place out on a weeknight at 6:00 PM, there was a little wait as expected, not a problem.  However, why was seating the guests a mess!  We pay, stand by the actual hostess stand for like another 10-15 minutes.  I don't get it.  Is it that hard to sit down customers?  They have a few hostesses go back and forth to sit down the guests.  At one point, there were three hostesses standing around.  Some how, this system has to change.Now for the food.  As we goto our table, we pass by the buffet line.  I was looking forward to this as I was reading this was the place to be vs the one at the Bellagio.  Tons of food out, all sorts of ethnicities and flavors going on.  So we get to our table and I had right over to the sushi and seafood booth.  Sadly enough, their sushi selection was poor.  They had four types of rolls out and that's about it.  Nothing special at all.  As we turn the corner, I was pleased to see a huge tray of shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp was not over done, served cold, and done just right.  Right next to this were the king crab legs, wow.  They are already split in half and all you have to do is pull out the meat.  Great stuff here, couldn't complain, although it would have been nice if it was served warm, but whatever.So after devouring the crab legs and shrimp, I decide to explore a little.  I walk down to the other end and find some veal short ribs, which were only OK, picked up a piece of their seabass, which was awesome, and kept browsing around for more.  When I mean "more," I thought there would be a better selection of meats and other seafood, but no.  They had a rib roast sitting out, which I got and was decent.  Next to it was a turkey, which they carve for you there.  A colleague of mine got a "slice."  What I mean is they got a thick slice, who slices turkey, especially white meat at about 1/2" thick???  So again, the food selection wasn't what I had expected.  I want to mention though that the Chinese section had some sweet and sour shrimp, which was very good, not your ordinary "joe blow" Chinese lunch box style shrimp.The desserts were all pretty decent.  Nothing spectacular.  They are all small bites, so I suggest you try them all.  Of the batch I got, I have to say the creme brulee was my favorite, but not at all the best I've had.  The crepes were a huge disappointment.  I got the apple one and it was nearly raw granny smith apples.  I don't like a tart tasting crepe, sorry.  Service was decent, servers came by and picked up your empty plates and our waiter came around to refill our drinks.  Nothing to complain about here.Overall, the decor of this place is great and the Wynn did a good job keeping the buffet tables clean and you know you're going to eat some decent quality food.  However, the food selection was not there for me.  The price paid was fine, but I had expected more at the Wynn.  Would I go back?  More than likely, no.

I was all set to write this place off as completely over-rated, but I have to admit, this buffet is pretty darn good. Usually, the line for this buffet is ridiculous. My visit to Vegas this time was mid-week, and I was fortunate enough to choose a good time to chow down, as the line was a scant 20 people deep.Pretty interior, lots of seating, interesting sections which gave you a feeling like there was inside seating and outside seating because of little 'rooms' within the seating area. Plenty of choices to satisfy most cravings. Standard buffet fare and some non-standard selections as well. Most people gravitate to the crab legs at buffets, I'm more of a prime rib kinda gal. The prime rib here was pretty good. I admit, I grabbed some of the mushroom sauce meant for the Chateaubriand instead of the au jus. I think it was a good choice. Other items I had were the brussel sprouts (don't judge me), kielbasa and sauerkraut, chicken with a wine/mushroom sauce. All very, very good. Desserts were plentiful. I tried a creme brulee and a puff thing that I have no idea what it was called but it was damn good.I'm not sure I liked this buffet enough to pay the single visit price and wait in the usually long line. I had purchased the "Buffet of Buffets" deal, so it was worth it in this case. The food is very good, service was great. As soon as I went up for dessert, a staff member came by and offered me coffee. It's like she read my mind. If you're a multiple plate buffet champ, it's probably worth the wait and the price. If you're like me and a 1-plate wonder, maybe spend your $30 elsewhere.

Had a late lunch here last week with family during ASU graduation week.  We started with the boneless chicken wings in both "hot" and "bbq", and both were really tasty...obviously not really "wings" since they were meaty chunks and big...probably breasts. Which is awesome since I haet picking the tiny bits of meat of most places wings.  (They do offer wings with bones as well).  The Baja chicken sandwiches were a hit, and you can also get them as a wrap.  The nachos were average.The grilled cheese was the only thing that wasn't acceptable - bread too thick, not enough cheese. This is definitely a college town bar and grill, with prices appropriate for students, and pitchers of fun concoctions - many with flavored vodka and red bull. the staff is friendly and the environment is definitely casual and young.  I like the roll-up front "garage"-style door so you can eat/drink outside, and be art of the scene that is walking by.  really open and airy, and they keep the air-conditioning on so it's not stifling hot. If I were still in my 20's, this would probably be on my regular stomping ground list.

Their Kobe burger was the best burger I have ever had on my time on this earth. Also, the waitresses are gorgeous.

Always good. And they reopened. Much better. Diver's Scallops and chick peas. Who would have thought. But they were great. My girls Loved the cheese pizza. Truth be told I thought it was quite good as well.

Wife and I shared Tandoori chicken kabob  this evening. Started with battered vegetables, salad and dal, tasty. All was well presented including the hot empty plate we used for splitting our meal. Fresh stir-fried vegetables and rice accompanied the kabob. This was my 3rd visit.

Second visit, just as good as the first:Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach Soup with Homemade Bread and ButterCheese Steak - Onions, Green Pepper, Mushroom, Swiss, Red Wine GravyChicken Pot Pie - Carrots, Red Potato, Green Beans, Celery, Thyme and Chicken GravyThe Pilgrim - Turkey, Sweet Potatoes, Grilled Onion, Stuffing, Cranberry SauceBanoffee Pie - Graham Cracker Crust, Caramel, Whipped Cream, BananasApple Caramel Pasty - Apples, Cinnamon, Caramel topped with Ice Cream and Whipped CreamMoving from sweet to savory (and then back to sweet) our arrival at Cornish Pasty Company was met with a raucous crowd enjoying any number of craft brews but seated swiftly as Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Ramones competed for air time overhead we were greeted equally quickly by an excellent (and funny without being fakey) young server who understood our time constraints in terms of making it to the game and took our whole order at once noting that she'd place the order in a staggered manner to make sure food wouldn't pile up while still leaving us time to make it to ASU by kickoff - a plan that worked flawlessly.Knowing from my last visit that the pasties would all be excellent - and they were - what truly wowed during this visit to Cornish Pasty Co was actually the soup, a recommendation from our server as "her favorite thing on the menu" - a dense, creamless potage with a hefty mushroom nose and a subtle vegetal note on the tongue while the walnut base added a lingering smoothness that went well with the hearty housemade soda bread and cultured butter.  Obviously not leaving without dessert and having already enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding and bread pudding on my prior visit this time we opted for the house-special Banoffee Pie and Caramel Apple Pasty, neither as good as the pair off puddings but both better than the vast majority of in-house pastries at restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale (where even top tier restaurants choose to outsource their desserts to Ms. Dempsey.)

You have an excellent reputation. I can't wait to taste the cake we are ordering for my little brother's birthday in LV in 2 weeks. The young lady who assisted me over the phone had excellent customer service!  Thank you!

We love Hennessey's.  Been to several in SoCal.  I was really looking forward to lunch there.  Our beer order was taken within minutes.  A different waitress introduced herself and confirmed our order about five minutes after that but she had the order backwards.  A few minutes later our drinks were poured and set up at the waiters station to be delivered.  That's as far as the got.  We watched our beers get warm and flat for easily ten minutes and no one brought them to us.  I felt that we became invisible.  Our food order was never taken.  We saw another couple sit and leave because no one even talked to them.  The restaurant was not crowded and there were several employees there. Our drinks didn't come so we left.

What a fantastic place! I've been here many times and never had a complaint. The chicken tandoori salad is wonderful! Out of the ordinary and very tasty. Babaganoush is extraordinary. Doesn't look like much, but what a flavor! Their pita sandwiches are outstanding whether it is the chicken, lamb, falafel or babaganoush. Go outside the box and try something new here as I've yet to be disappointed.

Mango's is a fixture in downtown Mesa. Everyone in the area knows and loves this place. It has a casual cafe feel, and the food is tremendous.I am not a vegetarian, but the veterinarian burrito (enchilada style) almost converted me. The chips and salsa are wonderful. The service is excellent. They also carry specialty Mexican juices and sodas.I would strongly suggest you try this place for Lunch the next time you're in the downtown Mesa area.

Came here for brunch, but the waiter didn't know what the soup du jour was and had to find out.   This was not a great sign of staff training, so I didn't expect much for the rest of the meal.  I expected more from a place that charged 20 dollars for a salad.  The beverages and bread did not come for a while which is not what I expected for a morning that was not busy. The food was average (had the soup du jour, nicoise, and steak and eggs).  The most memorable part of the meal was- how watered down the coffee tasted.3 stars for service3 stars for the mealalternative for brunch- mon ami gabi at the Paris hotel/casino.

Ive only been in Shucks for lunch once but i decided to stop afterwork..  the food is  still great and the bartender on grave i believe his name was Larry was awesome!! even tho business was steady he still came over to check on me and kept my drink full, It made me wanna come back and visit again! .. I will definitely come back  to visit this Shucks not only for the food (which was amazing)  but great customer service ;)

Wow.  This is one of our new favorites.  This is the first time we have tried this restaurant.  The atmosphere at the Town Square location was terrific.  It reminded us of Hawaii.  Luckily we were there during the early evening when it wasn't too busy.  I'm sure it get's packed with people later at night.We shared a jerk pork tenderloin dinner.  I would recommend it.  The sauce they added was terrific.

One of my favorite places in Madison. Perfect cappuccino and some of the best, most inventive creeps I've ever had (smoked trout, roasted sungold tomatoes, sheeps milk brebis, local greens with a fried egg on top).  They use ingredients from local farms and the people working are always great.  Can't say enough about the quality of the food in this little spot.

The food was great as always. The house made tortilla chips were hot and light as air. Love the cochinitas and the lamb.  The complexity of flavor is outstanding. The simply described cebollitas were a pleasant surprise. I had never ordered them before, but I will always get them in the future. Madison is lucky to have a Mexican restaurant like La Mestiza.

Salsa is very good, Tijuana tacos excellent, also very good selection of Mexican beers on tap. Bar could use more high top tables.

I'm always excited to go to Erin's Snug Pub. I've been here for lunch a few times and a late dinner once. I was served quickly and politely every time. For lunch, I first tried the T.B.L.T (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato) w/ a side salad and liked it so much that it's what I ended getting for lunch the other two times - trying various sides. Erin's Pub managed to take even something as simple as mixed veggies and make it taste awesome. Great ambiance and good beer selection too.

Foodgasm is all I can say about this deli, which I've discovered is just across the street from where I live!In business since 1934, this is by far the most impressive Italian deli I've ever been to! It was quite busy when I ventured in, after having walked past several times over the last few weeks. I have the feeling valvona and crolla has a loyal clientele, which would explain the lack of an interesting exterior; if I stocked half of what they did, I would be advertising in every corner of Edinburgh! My friend and I were bamboozled by the amount of cheese, pasta, cold meat, desserts, chocolate, oil, wine, and many other fantastic things. For the free samples of olive oil and parmesan we picked up to taste, we held a moment of silence. I'd rejoiced, bitter-sweetly, about not having a Peckhams nearby to drain my bank account, but I think this place is even worse!

Waitress wasn't friendly and didn't smile one time. I'm vegetarian and she said the salad I order had no meat, and it did. Maybe she needs a little more training!

Great food, this was our first time here.  Our server Adrienne was awesome!  Great experience overall, highly recommended.

Alas, my friends, it is with a heavy heart that I must demote Sushi Kaya from five stars to only two.  Since August, I have visited this establishment over 20 times, and until recently, always found the quality to be consistent.  My last 2 visits (5/1/2010 and 5/12/2010) were extremely disappointing.As usual, my friends and I purchased the All You Can Eat sushi, and proceeded to order our favorites.  We were all in good spirits, expecting the feast that was to come - until we saw the food. In the past, I would struggle to eat a piece of Kaya's nigiri sushi in a single bite.  The chefs cut the fish thick and broad, so that it completely covered its bed of rice.  Not anymore.  The mackerel, salmon, and yellowtail nigiri I received had been reduced to half the size, at least.This, in of itself, is not a problem at an AYCE place.  I could overlook it as a cost-control measure, if the quality of the fish had not declined to the same pittance as the portion.  The fish was decidedly old - even a little dry in spots.  The chefs tried to cover up the worst selections with ponzu sauce.  I love ponzu, but on nigiri?  Sacrilege.   Rolls proved more palatable, if only for the multitude of ingredients drowning out the fish..  The only one that was actually delicious was the Spider Roll.  However, the sushi artistry I observed on my earlier visits was missing.   Each roll appeared sloppy on the plate, and the pieces were difficult to pick up intact.  Was the chef too hasty to give a damn about cohesion?  Was it his first day on the job? I try not to judge too harshly, but I must also add that the avocados were inexcusable.  My avocado lover (an orb-like sculpture of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and avocado slices) was inedible.  The avocado was so hard and under ripe,  I'm surprised it could be sliced at all.  If the avocados are so petrified that I can't poke a chopstick through a thin slice, why would a chef deign to serve it?  I'm baffled..The worst discovery of all was the tuna.  I'm a big fan of tuna.  I *KNOW* what tuna is supposed to look and taste like.  What Sushi Kaya currently serves as tuna is decidedly ANYTHING BUT.  I don't know what it is, exactly.  My best guess is dyed tilapia.  It has the strangest shade of pink I've ever seen - like a watermelon jolly rancher.  It has almost no flavor at all, and it flakes like a white fish.Tuna:  you're doing it wrong.Other small gripes include the watering down of their miso soup, and an unfortunate switch from their previous brand of green tea ice cream (very flavorful and creamy, with bitter tea notes) to a new brand (bland, too sweet, may as well be vanilla).I don't know if Kaya is cutting corners, having issues with its supplier, or both, but I don't think I'll be back for a while.  The service and ambiance is still pleasant, so it keeps a few points for style.  I knocked them down to two stars, instead of one, in hopes that the restaurant gets its act together.

Food was good until they ran out of crab legs.. How can you have a all you can eat crab legs day then run out SMH

The food was excellent, that is not the reason for 3 stars. I am a bit of a service snob after working in the service industry for 10 years. With that said, we waited entirely too long in between courses with items getting left behind. I ordered a soup for dinner and mine was last to come out after people got steak. Then we had one person order dessert, when the dessert came rhe waiter came back and asked if we wanted anymore dessert. We said no again and waited another 10 minutes for him to bring the check. This is not only horrible for a guest whose dinner normally would take no longer than an hour but for the business as their turn over time is much higher allowing less opportunity for guests to come in. Longer wait times both at the table and in line equals less return customers. Overall the food was great and the Georgia peach beverage was refreshing.

I come here every now and then with my boyfriend to grab a drink or with our friends to watch football. We mostly go because it's very close to our house. On the several occasions we've visited the food has always been good, but the service does lack a little bit unless you are sitting at the bar. I've noticed they don't schedule enough servers sometimes and I've had to wait up to 20 minutes on some occasions to be greeted...which can be very irritating if you're thirsty and hungry. Anyways, despite being inexperienced or slow the servers are usually pretty friendly. Drink specials are always decent.If it wasn't right next to my house I probably would not visit again, but the good food, cheap drinks, and location will make me a repeat customer. if you aren't very understanding with sometimes slower service, I would try elsewhere.

I waited to write my review until I had gone at least twice to this buffet. I have to say that this is my favorite buffet on the strip! Every time I go the food is delicious, the dining room is clean and the staff is very friendly. I have never gotten any under or over cooked food here and there is a good variety- if you have a large group of people there is something there for everyone, guaranteed! I also love their dessert section. I am allergic to chocolate and have a hard time finding desserts that I can enjoy, but there were plenty here! Go for the panacotta, it's to die for!

Even though I was nursing a hangover and in need of crappy, greasy food, this was a letdown!  First off service was so slow and the cashier was utterly lackadaisical in her attitude.  Oh well, what did I really expect...

I love hooters wings and having a Tues special on buying 10 wings naked or breaded you got 10 free. I usually go to bbw for their 60 cent wings but there's aren't good like hooters definitely going back to hooters

Went to this place with an open mind. I love sushi and everything about it (minus mackerel), and left feeling disappointed. The food was about 3 stars, and the service was 0-1 stars. On a good night, their salmon sushi was very fresh tasting. But the rolls were tiny.

The restaurant situation in Maricopa is improving! One of the bright spots is King Fish Sea and Soul Food. Terrific, authentic southern cooking! I had the catfish with seasoned fries. The catfish is fried with a light batter that really brings out the great taste of the fish and the fries were done just right. This is one place that I predict will do very well. They have done their homework and it shows! Thanks to the owners for bringing their talents to Maricopa-God knows we needed it!Looking forward to my next visit.

I stumbled on this place a couple months back after running some lunchtime errands, and was soon coming back with reinforcements....It reminds me of a cross between Chipotle and Bajio, The overall presentation seems a little more authentic, if that makes sense.  The small burrito lunch special is a good deal, but I have grown to love the (slightly more expensive) Tropical tacos.  The mango salsa is addicting, and the excess that falls off can always be scooped up with the included chips.  On that note, of variety of meals we got (burritos, tacos, quesadillas) they all seems to fall apart at some point.  Not a huge deal, your burrito just becomes sort of a rice bowl halfway through.  Make sure you grab a few extra napkins!

Clean building and friendly staff. Food is Taco Bell quality. Not bad, not good. I would go back there if I got the munchies for a Taco Bell chicken burrito again :)

Came here to use our bogo entree coupon which you can get from time to time for signing up for their mobile program. (Free)  Had the spinach dip app. and it was really good....comes with a mix of chips and toasted bread, the dip itself has a cheesy top layer and spinach cheese gooey mix beneath. ($9.99)  Had the club wrap ($9.99) which is a healthy portion of ham turkey and bacon.  It comes with fries which are pretty tasty too.  Todd the bartender does a great job making sure everything is taken care of in terms of drinks.

5 Guys is an odd name, but whatever works for you.  This burger joint claims to be one of the best around the nation.  Just look at all the signs they post and how proud they are; granted I appreciate confidence.  Burgers here are mediocre - nothing to rave about and crave for during those sleepless nights.  Fries are my favorite since they're real chopped potatoes.  Atmosphere...what I can't hear you?  Yeah, I generally don't enjoy places where I have to debate whether to dance or eat :(

I've been to Vegas so many times and I don't know why I've never heard of this place. I came here with my large family early afternoon for lunch. They set up a table for 9 very quickly.Here is what we ordered:- The oxtail fries with fried egg on top was amazing. We should have ordered two for our big group but we didn't want to overstuff ourself before the burgers. We had 4 kids with us and they loved this as well!- Miyagi-san's grass fed burger amazing!- The Ronin amazing!- Kiki's Burger was very flavorful.- My cousin and I split the Shogun burger, we wanted to get our foie gras fix as we can't get it in CA anymore. Especially at $26 a burger, we figured we should share. It was delicious!Honestly, even the burgers the kids ordered on their kid's menu was juicy and yummy. All I gotta say is wish we had one in CA. I could go for some of their oxtail fries right about now. :)

The family visited Monta tonight. It was "A-OK" experience.Tonkatsu soup way too greasy, we are talking about 1/4 inch of floating fat on top.  I have an high tolerance of fat, but this is too much.

Transported upon entry, this cozy dining room with a wine bar suggests a more European feel than a Thai restaurant.  Two menus are presented - one a conventional Thai listing with adapted names for American tastes, like "Pad Z-U".  The other is a tapas menu with an Asian bend.  The papaya salad with prawns tasted authentic but a touch spicy for my dining partner.  We were not offered the '1 to 5' spicy range, but notice the reviews include such a choice.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the salad 'kick' without complaint.  The catfish was presented with a tasty curry-like sauce that worked very well.  We considered tapas, but our two dishes satisfied.The wine list demonstrates a competent selection with an adequate variety by the glass.  However, our Pinot Noir must have sat in the bottle at least overnight and lacked character.  It's truly awkward to send back glasses of wine during a first visit as these glasses were "borderline" in my opinion, so we shifted gears for 2nd glasses and commented politely to the waiter about the 1st.  I suggest tasting before committing until they cycle their by-the-glass bottles properly.Service was capable and polite.  Reservations are recommended as the size of the dining room is limited for your pleasure and comfort.  I'll be back.

I came to Phoenix for a one-week business trip and dined solo, which was actually easy excluding the social aspects. I was free to eat anywhere I desired without worrying about dietary restrictions or preferences of dining companions. Nobuo at Teeter House was my first meal in Phoenix. I was directed to this restaurant from positive reviews rating it as a "5-star cuisine". After all, the owner Nobuo Fukada from Tokyo received the acclaimed James Beard Award in 2007. Since Nobuo is considered to be the #1 Japanese restaurant in the area, I feared encountering a busy dinner crowd. Therefore, I made a reservation at the earliest dinner slot, 5pm. I nervously called ahead to confirm that bar seating was available. Then, I jumped in my car and roared out to downtown Phoenix. When I arrived at exactly 5pm, the servers were probably amused to see me. The restaurant was completely empty. As I walked in, several servers were just arriving on their shift! Without hesitation, they seated me in a private wood-floored historic bungalow room and presented a two page tapa menu.The servers were polite. I did not encounter anyone Japanese in the restaurant, with the exception of chef Nobuo Fukada. Apparently, Nobuo is not a traditional Japanese restaurant. It is an izakaya-style eatery with heavy American influences in the dishes (think creative east-meets-west Japanese). The dinner menu consisted of 4 appetizers, 8 cold dishes, and 9 warm dishes with prices ranging from $6 to $26.Due to the high cost of each dish, I was only able to order 2 tapas. I selected the two most popular dishes:1. GRAPEFRUIT AND HAMACHI ($16)This cold dish consists of 4 thick slices of hamachi (albacore) sashimi gently brushed with white truffle ponzu oil. A thin slice of ginger was applied on top. Each piece of hamachi was wrapped with a slice of avocado and a piece of grapefruit. The citrus ingredients complemented the hamachi. They were served creatively on single-bit spoons.2. WARM DUCK SALAD ($16)A duck salad sounds ordinary but it was prepared with precision that exceeded my standards. It was a hearty warm dish. About 5 to 6 slices of warm duck were served with a bed of grilled greens. The duck was lightly pan seared to create crispy edges. Then, a soy and zinfandei marinade reduction was applied to create a succulent flavor. Although the grilled vegetables can be dry, it can be dipped in the yuzu vinaigrette. This dish exhibited a satisfying variety of texture - crispy and juicy (duck), crunchy (grilled onions and peppers), chewy (grilled greens).Although the dishes at Nobuo were artfully crafted, thoughtful, and prepared with superb seasonal ingredients, like most small plate restaurants, the overall value was borderline poor. Perhaps lunch is more appropriate here than dinner. My dinner exceeded $40 including tax and tip, but my stomach was not full after 2 tapas. After this meal, I had to drive to CherryBlossom in Phoenix for a second Japanese dinner. I invite you to try Nobuo if $$$$ or a budget is not an issue. Come with a large group of 4 to 6 and splurge on the various tapas. If you come solo, I hope your company will expense the bill.

Seeing so many Portuguese rotisserie chicken places all over the city, we picked this spot near the Mt Royal metro stop to try for a quick dinner. I was almost going to go for their pork specialty dish until further inquiry led to me staring at little pig heads. No pig heads tonight, just chicken please. The chicken platter was filling, coming as with every other dish served in Montreal, a mountain of fries (and some salad). Meh, it was okay. Not very flavorful, kinda needed the chili oil slathered on for some Portuguese-ness. Service not very friendly, meh.

Great shave ice and a way more selections than I have ever seen. Apparently shave is hard to find in Vegas after it being easily available in Seattle. This brings back a lot of summer memories as a kid. The perfect summer treat and I cannot wait to chase this place down in the summer. I only had a basic shave ice with 3 flavors and sour spray; it was great and I can't wait to try a shave ice with ice cream next time. The girls in the truck are pretty hot too so they defiantly draw you in.

I went here for my birthday dinner on Saturday with my parents, who surprised me and flew in from back home. I've never had southern cuisine, so I was in for a treat.Made a reservation and arrived 30 minutes early hoping to get some cocktails at the bar. There were 2 separate seats at the entire bar. We asked the hostess if we could sit at an empty table near the host stand since there was no room, and we couldn't because apparently a band was going to set up there to play. Stood around for 15 minutes before we even got service from the bar. We were sat 5 minutes prior to our reservation time and started off with fried green tomatoes (which were pretty good, but not great). My parents each got soup; one had some soup with beef and loved it, the other had French onion soup, which was pretty delicious (yes, I mooched).As for the entrees, I ordered the shrimp and scallop mac daddy and it was to die for.My parents ordered the quail and jambalaya. The quail was mediocre, and the jambalaya came out cold in the middle. You know what that means. My S.O. ordered the catfish, which was mediocre as well. The potatoes that came with it were terrible and overcooked. Even if the dishes were up to par, this place is really overpriced for what it is. $27 for 3 medium scallops and 3 medium shrimp on a bed of glorified mac and cheese... Never again.Service was good. I don't have much to say about the experience. I don't think i'll be returning to NOLA but it was nice to finally try it out.

We went to Table 274 on a Tuesday night. I was slow and quiet. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. She recommended the margarita.  It was in a tall glass, strong, and a great deal for $3! My companion had the Charlotte Iced Tea. It was in a smaller glass and didn't seem as good a value, however it was tasty. For starters we ordered the honey chipotle wings (10) (The highlight of the entire meal for my friend)  and the blue cheese wedge. The wings were great, as was the wedge. The wedge had toasted seasoned pecans, bacon, grilled red onion, and the buttermilk blue cheese. I was very pleased with it. For our entrees, we ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was voted the  "Best Burger in Charlotte," with fries and the Grilled Pork Chop, with Warm bacon and potato salad, cucumber, pickled onion, tomato salad, molasses and dijon glaze. Our entrees came out just as we started our appetizers! So they took them back and put them under the heat lamps! The glaze was good, but since my pork chop was really dry, I was disappointed! The bacon and potato salad... disappointing! The best part was the picked onion, cucumber and tomato. My companion said that the burger was juicy and good overall. The fries didn't taste good, almost like they were frozen, not fresh. Maybe we would go back for an afternoon margarita and some wings!

So, I'm not a huge hot dog fan. Occasionally, I'll get a craving. But I've committed myself to never eat hot dogs in public. But Friday I was jonesing a dog in the worst way, and Frenchy answered that call. I'll echo the praises for the Caribbean Dog. That spicy, meaty concoction is amazing! He was at the corner of First Ave and Wash, so I guess he bounces around downtown.

Tasty....but I hope people realize the food is frozen.  We had some pretty good burgers.  The sides are all frozen item.  But the ambiance is gross.  The lights that hang down are out of place.  While the servers don't really clean the tables.  I would suggest never eating in their establishment and would be better off getting food to go.  And maybe getting fried sides from a fast food establishment instead.  It's also odd how you have to ask the register clerk for refills.  But again they do have some tasty toppings for their burgers.  Ehhh.....haven't been back in over a year.

This place was pretty good. I didn't try the pizza, though it looked delicious, but since it's hard to mess up anything with burrata and I wanted something fresh- I went with the caprese. The pesto was great, the burrata was of course really good as well and I liked the sour ciabatta it was served with. My only gripe was that it was hard to eat. I prefer fresh tomatoes, sliced. I found it a little difficult to get the delicious fresh taste of the ingredients in every bite with the roasted cherry tomatoes. I also just like the fresh flavor or raw tomato with the richness of the burrata and olive oil, and I guess the balsamic could be toned down.However,  with all my gripes (everyone's a critic, right?), it was still very tasty, and the wine was decent and reasonably priced. I will return.

Fantastic! And, great service! Went for Sunday brunch nice variety of menu selections for all people in your party! Nice open atmosphere.

After writing my last review and then ultimately returning to Vintage 95, I was beyond impressed by the level of customer service we received.  I can't be sure if they saw my last review or not but who cares, what mattered was that they remembered who we were and they came over and personally apologized for what happened to our bikes outside of their establishment and bought our first round of drinks.  It really meant a lot that they remembered who we were and took the time to acknowledge that shitty situation.  We left smiling and impressed and will definitely continue to frequent Vintage 95.  It really is one of the best patio's around, some of the best live music and a great staff.

I am a big chilis fan so naturally I had to eat here during my 3 hour layover in Charlotte. I was served by Victoria who was prompt and friendly; the service was quite good despite the place being packed. I recommend steak fajitas, one of the better entrees.

Just hit up the bar and yep...as good as the food! Great bartenders, very good drinks! Next time, will have to have some food!

The food was AWSOME great seasoning great scenery  and great service it's hard to find a good authentic Mexican spot but I love this one. I'd recommend it to anyone

I am shocked at all the negative reviews. Our family loves Mr. Jims! Never had a problem. Their fajita chicken pizza is amazing. And they always bring coupons with delivery for next time!

I really enjoy Hello Bistro. I could seriously live on soup & salad so I was definitely excited about this place opening. Some may say the salads are overpriced, I tend to disagree. I can't go to Whole Foods or the Co-Op without dropping $10-$15 so $8 isn't so unreasonable and with toppings such as hearts of palm, artichokes, beets, edamame, feta, sprouts, garbanzos, etc... you can't go wrong.My only complaint is that the salads are about 85% lettuce and they only put one scoop of each selected topping.

Hands down the best pizza in town.  I am a pizza snob and I can't get enough of these pies.  If you like a true NY style pizza, look no further.  I travel 25 minutes away to grab this delicious pizza. I think the white pizza is da bomb!  The wings are pretty good.  They have great unique sauces for everyone's taste buds. The chicken fingers are really good too. If you like fresh chicken fingers these are great!  I really like Canes, but I think TGP have two stars ahead of them.  Now let's talk about the cheesesteak.  Yep these guys serve cheese steaks.  First of all I am not a cheesteak fan.  I was told every time I went to grab a pie to try the cheesesteak.  OMG....they made me a believer.  Get the cheesesteak and a PIE and you are good to go!  Those Guys Pies are in my humble opinion the BEST in knowing how to combine sauces, fresh high grade cheese and toppings, and the bombiest crust known to man into what most call pizza.....and for those you know pizza.......call pie!!!!  7  stars if yelp would let me....

Wow!!... What took me so long to finally get here.  When you finally go. . All If they have deviled eggs...simply AWESOME!!!

Pizza is not a rocket science food, so it's difficult to stand out from the crowd. Pizza Fusion is a chain that concentrates on offering organic ingredients and gluten free options. Their commitment at least according to their branding seems to extend to use being aware of their environment impact, using recycled goods, and not just token vegetarian options of vegan choices. They have lots of locally brewed beer choices also.The counter service is pretty straightforward, a runner will bring your food to you inside or out or you can call ahead and pick up your order. I've mainly alternated between their Farmer's Market or Pear & Gorgonzola pizzas as it's summer and I'm in a lighter food. They'll add meat to any option so don't be afraid to try the vegatarian or vegan options if it tempts you. Servings are a fair size I've split the medium with a friend for lunch or eaten a whole for lunch by myself when I forgot to eat breakfast.Since the ingredients are unique I'd argue one of the other strengths is actually the location. Yes, the Metropolitian has one of the most passive aggressive inducing parking garage designs in Charlotte. The upside of this is the date ideas you launch from here. Meet here for local brews & noms, then rent b-cycles bike and head to Freedom Park and back. Alternately after a long stroll on the greenway or a game of bocci crash here to refuel before heading out for the night. Is it the best pizza ever? Nope. But it it fits in what you need where you need and fills that niche well.

Well, I tried to get my LGO fix before I left Phoenix. I made the mistake of thinking the airport version was the same as the flagship location in Arcadia. I have been to the flagship store over 100 times, and the food quality is always consistent & excellent. Their pizza is amazing yes, but so is their green chile burger. It's a generous beef patty made with never-frozen grass-fed beef. Now for the airport version of the green-chile burger that doesn't belong in the same universe: the beef patty was not the same weight, it was a thin, dry McDonald's quality patty. It lacked flavor and was just old & tired. Also I asked for it to be cooked medium & it was well-done. I don't think the English muffin was from LGO. There was no Russian dressing. The green chiles were soggy & disgusting to the point I took them off. I didn't have time to bring it back since I had to board a plane. If you are looking for a top-notch restaurant in Phoenix give LGO in Arcadia a try. Skip the airport location which is bringing down their brand that they have been trying to establish for many years.

Really good atmosphere, very classy and nice for a date. The baseball top cut sirloin was amazing with the asian coleslaw. Match it with a Pinot Noir Mont Pellier,  you will not regret it!!!

I've waited a bit to post this review...and skipped on chances to go back. My one and only visit was on a Saturday morning...and I was there right when they opened the doors. Parking is great and at that time of morning there was no line...although the place did fill up fast. I sat at the counter and had a great view of the kitchen which can be a double edged sword. While the kitchen was clean and the staff worked well together, things started to sour for me when I saw a box of Sysco produce come out of the back. I know Sysco supplies a lot of the businesses in the valley but this just turned me off. After watching the kitchen for a bit my bowl of "spicy" fukumimi ramen finally arrived. For a dish that was supposed to be spicy I reached for the spices a lot. And the charsiu....was ok, but not as good as other places I've had around town. The broth was good, but yet I've had better. Long story short for the East side....this is passable. But it's not all that. Let's be blunt. Ramen Sora smokes this place. And while Monta is a bit of a drive for me and Fukumimi will do in a pinch when I can't get to Monta...the fact is Monta kicks their derriere all over the place and still stands supreme as the best bowl of ramen I've had yet. I will go back and try Tetsuro's Tan Tan Men recommendation but for now...it's good...but not great. I'm giving Fukumimi a 3 Star reality check.

Love this place. There's a couple Vietnamese restaurants around my house and this is the best. Their broth is so delicious. And the duck soup is to die for. Half a duck for 9.99. There's only a couple things I hate. The service and the dinning room. You have to get lucky to be seated right away.

Great bar, the food is top notch and the good service is always a key part of the fun in going. I love the setup with its huge, matching, high quality, TVs everywhere. It just looks good and you can always find something you want to watch. Highly recommended dropping by anytime, especially on a night Ben is on the Piano. It's always a good time.

The food is amazing!! The Takana fried rice is my absolute fave. They jave the best Pork out of all the Ramen houses I've tried. I go to both locations and this one is best. I just wish they were closer to home.

This place was solid!, We stayed at the MGM for a company conference.  This place became our group hang out.  The service was good, The food was good, the table staff was pretty good.  The Bar staff was on top of their game.  The Beer selection was pretty good as well.

Um, pretty good place. I like the drive through and anything that's a Starbucks local competitor I'll give it a shot. Mocha wasn't bad, just every time I go there I can barely understand the guy that works there. I think it might be a cultural issue, but he comes off a little grumpy, I guess kinda reminds me of my dad. I haven't tried the food yet, but I am looking forward to it.

The restaurant is called Pho Sing Sing but you shouldn't come here for the Pho. You can order the Pho if you'd like, there is nothing wrong with it, but where Pho Sing Sing shines is with its other regional noodle dishes. This is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants in town that serve Northern style Vietnamese noodle dishes. I unfortunately didn't take note of all the names of the regional dishes, especially since I went the extra step and googled a few things on the menu to figure out what they were before I ordered them. Come here if you are looking for a greater depth of options in your Vietnamese cuisine. It's located in the same plaza as Wendy's noodle cafe next door to a Taiwan deli. So much good food in this little area of Vegas!

I took. Good friend for birthday there and it was opening weekend.  She had a blast but I felt so bad bc the service sucked.  I saw a couple of guys order drinks and an incident happened with my husband and one of his friends and they spilled a drink on his shoes.  Not hard feelings they were talking and apologizing and the guy who was paying was turned for less than a min and the chick bartender tossed his money at him on the counter and walked off.  Keep in mind I was sober (dd). Will meet go there again.

Order: Humble Pie Breakfast (two eggs, breakfast potatoes, toast and bacon or sausage). I got scrambled eggs and bacon. $7.50 + tax.Food: Eggs were angular and looked waxy, like they were instant eggs but made in a pan. I got a corner edge so there was a hard, darker egg part that I could not eat. Toast wasn't toasted. Bacon was good. Sausage was acceptable.Staff: Excellent and quick (in and out in about 10 minutes).Overall: They should stick to pizza but they'll get everything out quickly.

Salmon Belly and Blue Fin Tuna Nigiri..... yes please!  50 pieces? Wow!

always a great spot to come for a quick bite to eat.  food is fresh and staff is freindly.

I have now been back to Cuttlefish for an early dinner/business meeting and was really impressed with consistency of their quality, as were my guests. We had several of the seafood appetizers and entrees, including the Albacore, Salmon, and Wreck fish. I cannot recommend the Albacore enough--incredible fusion of sweet and salty. I plan on being back in the area over the next couple of weeks and cannot wait to go back! This will be my go-to place every time I am in the Phoenix area.

I was not a fan of sushi before coming here, but I thought I'd try it again with some people who were a little more sushi-savvy than I. Boy did this place change my perspectives! I was so happy with my whole experience here. We had a party of four and ordered 4 Miso Soups, 2 Ramens, and 5 Sushi Rolls. It was the night before finals week started, so we decided to go all out. The 5 Sushi Rolls that we got were California, Playgirl, Windy City, VIP and Gold Rush. I voted the Gold Rush my favorite (also the most expensive), then playgirl, VIP, Cali, and then Windy City. I'm not really a fan of fish, so I was a little worried about that, but all of the ones we ordered had fish, and loved them all. We got  our food very quickly and everything was gorgeous. The atmosphere was very contemporary and felt like I was in an upscale sushi restaurant in the city. It was nice to have something so close to me at school, and so classy. We left feeling full, but not weighed down. Everything was so fresh and beautifully presented. I will be checking out a lot more sushi restaurants from now on. It was a little pricey (we wound up paying around $115 for the table) but we left extremely satisfied.

To put it simply, I love this place! Great food, and very clean environment. After reading the other reviews, I'm not sure what the big deal is about ordering your food standing vs. sitting. If anything you're not sitting at the table waiting for a server to come by, and they do still service your table with a smile. My fave dish is the "southwest burrito" yum! The owner Clay is always involved and eager to make sure food goes out fresh and hot! And my favorite thing about scramble, is their dog friendly patio! It's hard enough to find a great breakfast joint let alone a dog friendly restaurant. Combine the 2 and you've got scramble...enjoy!

Food was great but service was a little strange. You don't order your food from the sushi chef you have to order from the waitress. Also we ordered 3 rolls and some sushi, you would think the sushi comes out first? But they brought out all the rolls and forgot about the sushi until we mentioned we never got it. Overall they're fish quality was great, everything tasted fresh and not fishy :) will be back and they're AYCE is a great deal with a lot of selection :)

Stopped by early Tuesday evening.  Restaurant not very busy.  Chloe was our server, very friendly and bubbly.  I like the variety on the menu.  A good variety where most people can find something to eat.  I ordered the briscuit sandwich.  For $15 i expected a huge sandwich heaping with everything they described on the menu.  What I received was a small bun with maybe 4 oz of meat and two little ramekins of toppings.My wife ordered 2 tacos.  The tacos tasted good but had very little filling in each one.  Again at $5/taco with no sides these are pricey.  We were both hungry after eating our food and ordered pecan pie.  The pie was good whole pieces of pecans on top but no pecans in the filling.  A 1/2 hour later after I left I was still hungry.  Not sure where the whiskey comes into play with the name.  They had an extensive beer list but I didn't see a similar whiskey list.  Treehouse might work as a place to go to after work for a drink but as a dinner destination there are better alternatives.

