 
"It's like stepping back in time where diners like this were a staple for breakfast for many. They had many tables in the back where the good old boys were catching up over their breakfasts.  It might look run down or old, but everything looked clean. The server was nice and attentive.  I had the breakfast special with 2 scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, and fluffy pancakes. Nothing fancy, but you could tell the guy at the grill had the experience of cooking many a breakfast like this over the years. Very inexpensive too. You find the bathrooms by going through back door to storage area and it's to your right. Simple food but simply good too."

"Like Natalie's review below, it has been years since I have been here. It kind of fell off the radar and I have no idea why! The service was great. I love the family atmosphere here. The food was incredible - and then the prices were 30% less than I would expect for that quality of food. Seriously - this place will never fall off the radar again.We had two specials that night: Short Ribs with Canneloni (maybe the best canneloni I have ever had) and the Red Snapper in a lemon piccata with a side of linguine.  Perfection!  And not to mention the part about rarely finding good, fresh red snapper in the desert...  That is one of my favorite fish.  So glad it was on special!"

"Absolutely love their brisket sandwich!Nothing compares to this sandwich. But I wish they were open until later for those late night cravings!"

"I love their super thin chips and the salsa is great. The food is good for a chain and the service is terrific.I love their guacamole cream and their flan and Tres Leche is to die for!"

"I love Mexican food and I always look for new places. Although I prefer the more formal restaurants, some of the faster-service places are pretty good.  Someone recommended Fausto's to me so I gave it a try.  Let me tell you, you get a lot of food for your money!  There's enough for two people in those entrees. And there are many entrees to choose from.  Service can be a tad slow, and the place was hot inside the day I was there.  The restaurant is kind of small but it's big enough for a large group to get together when several tables are pulled together (as was happening the day I was there). There's not a lot of room by the counter to wait for your order if you are doing takeout, though. Overall, the food is tasty enough- it wasn't great, but it wasn't bad.", 

"My roommate and I were trying to catch a late lunch and it just came to me that I had never been to the quintessential college bar on campus. We split an entree (that was half off) and called it a meal because we both weren't that hungry. We got the drunken chicken, and for bar food it was pretty good. The chicken was tender but the sweet potato fries that it was served on was mushy and not appetizing. The vegetables were the kind that you get from the freezer aisle in Giant Eagle and you microwave on those sad lonely nights that you eat over your kitchen sink. Also heads up: they charge for water during half off...."

"Uncle Sam's has really gone down hill. The staff has gone from polite, to indifferent, to borderline hostile. Simple requests are ignored - when the error is pointed out - they become indignant.  Turning to the food... the sandwiches are now 90% lettuce and served cold.  If the old adage about judging a kitchen by the state of the bathroom is to believed - stay away."

"There isn't anything special about this place. The parking is limited & tight, very tight. The service was disappointing. I had never been there & didn't know what to order. The guy just stood there like he was annoyed. I asked what's on the burritos & he says just meat, rice & beans. I asked for fajita vegetables & he said we don't have those so I just ordered the chicken tacos. They don't come with sour cream, that's 50 cents extra. They were watery & very bland. Basically like something I could have easily cooked at home. My husband ordered the burrito & said the same, very bland & full of rice. He had to keep dumping salsa on each bite just for flavor. The booths are covered in duct tape to hide holes. Maybe it's supposed to be art? I can't understand what people like about this place. There are plenty of good burrito places out there."


"Because no stars was not an option. Traveled from north phoenix because of the reviews....735 on friday night and they're locked up. No lights on. According to the information here, they should be open. Peace out!"

"We had never been here before but tried it.  We're now loyal customers!  From what I understand, the restaurant was taken over by new owners in February 2010; I don't know what the menu and atmosphere were like before (from some of the reviews back in 2006 I'm going to say not great), but it's FIRST-RATE now!  It's not stuffy or pretentious at all; the waiter was friendly and outgoing, as was the executive chef, who served us our bread and checked in a couple times throughout the meal.First, a very pretty, relaxing atmosphere, including a piano tucked in the corner (live music starts up again September 15th).  I had the \"Fruits de Mur Aux Gratin\" and it was fabulous!  Very rich and delicious.  My fiance had the lamb shank and it was equally as good. We also shared the fried calamari as an appetizer, and were not disappointed.  The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, which is beyond me because I think this place was exceptional, and very fairly priced for the caliber of food and service we received.  Maybe a throwback of previous owners? Or not quite season yet?  Either way, I say GO TRY THIS PLACE and tell your friends.  It's a jewel in North Scottsdale and a must-visit place!"

"My boyfriend and I went to Monti's for our one-year anniversary, and it was fantastic. It's not incredibly fancy or highly priced which was perfect for us as college students living on our own. We were looking for something that had a nice atmosphere and good food that would offer a great experience without breaking the bank. I believe the bill was around $75 for the two of us which was both of our dinners and about three drinks. Monti's is huge and we were seated in a room that had a fountain in it which was pretty cute and gave the room a nice vibe. We both agreed that we were impressed with both the service, the food, the decor, and the all around experience. It's no wonder this place has been around for such a long time (as matter of fact, my parents went to Monti's on their first date!). All in all it was a wonderful experience and we will be returning!"

 "This is another one of those restaurants where I'm stuck between 3 and 4 stars, just wishing Yelp would create a 1/2 star option...so we'll go ahead and round down to 3 stars just because of a few minor details. Had reservations at 9:15 on a Friday night and we were seated promptly at a table by the kitchen (unfortunately, we were extremely far from the windows for a view of the water show). Let me also say that I really despise circuses...but loved the decor in this restaurant. Five stars for that. We requested just normal tap water and the wait staff seemed almost annoyed with this selection. Uh, sorry we're not sorry that we won't spend $9 for bottled water? Give us a break. This lead to infrequent refills of our water-- that's a big negative for me as I am the polar opposite of a camel and drink water like I won't have any again for a week. Okay, enough of that rant...PLUS: We had some delicious salads. A prosciutto & melon salad and the classic Caprese. Big props for these two!The bread: Yess, we were fans. One of them tasted like pan pizza crust..the whole table agreed. So good! Meals:--Pappardelle: Wide noodles served with sausage and wild mushrooms. I was looking so forward to this dish, and I think it only fell short in my eyes because of its sauce-- or, rather, its lack thereof. There was NO sauce, just an almost excessive amount of melted butter covering the dish. It was good, but almost a tad bland. My mom and sister enjoyed this dish, though. --\"Mama Egi's\" ravioli: Either order this as an appetizer, or split this and another dish with someone else at the table. Extremely delicious, but also extremely rich. I couldn't eat more than four or five of these mini raviolis without wanting to stop because it was so rich. --Quail. I had never had quail before, and my sister's boyfriend ordered this dish. I only had a bite, but I liked what I tasted. He said it was better than what he was used to. Dessert:We ordered the bombolonis (donuts)-- ooh, sugar-covered goodness. Came with a raspberry sauce and a strong chocolate sauce. Overall, Circo wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. It had its strong points, but also fell short in some areas. I'm willing to pay my share of money for food in Vegas, and this wasn't cheap- which is fine, but it could have been much better. I personally prefer Stratta over at Wynn."


 "Would have gotten 4 stars if we hadn't had the least attentive waiter in existence.  The food was really good.  I got the special Chicken empandas.  My dad got the skirt steak.  The empanadas had a good flavor, but the weren't as crispy as I had hoped.  My dad's skirt steak was fantastic.  The waiter did not pay attention to anything we said, and was inattentive to fill up drinks and take plates away."


"I rounded out my Vegas trip with a stop here. The bread rolls are made fresh at Capriotti's every morning using a secret recipe. There are three sandwich sizes: small (9\"), medium (12\"), and large (20\").The original concept here was to appeal to the turkey lovers, and it's no surprise that the \"Bobbie\" became the signature sandwich here. Sliced turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing, all homemade. About 10-12 turkeys are roasted each night. Workers usually begin the day's prep from about 5:30 a.m.As much as I wanted to stuff my face with a 20\" sandwich, I just got a foot-long Bobbie instead ($8.19). The sandwich is wrapped in white butcher paper. Delicious soft bread here. It's a good thing it's a thick loaf for all the turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing put into this guy. The cranberry sauce had a slight tartness that worked well with the turkey and stuffing. I found the turkey to be slightly on the dry side. The foot-long sub satisfied my appetite, but I'm sure I coulda handled the 20\" sandwich without any problems.I'm one of those guys that usually prefers toasted bread, no matter what's on it. Still, I enjoyed having a fresh, soft loaf for this sandwich.I'm a fan of virtually any establishment that gives me a meal filled with fresh, homemade ingredients. There's no substitute for all those hours of labor. I see awesome hot options like cheesesteaks, meatball subs, and Italian sausage subs. Cold subs include turkey, roast beef, and tuna options.Great service and a friendly feel overall. They say you'll \"feel like part of the family every time you walk in the door and walk out with a smile.\" Mission accomplished."


"I love papa Johns. I have always had great customer service with the exception of this location. Got my order wrong, delivery girl basically threw the food at us and ran so we didn't realize until she was gone. When I called the girl who answered the phone was rude and put me on hold only to pick up and say she \"couldn't like do anything\" put me on hold for the manager who also didn't know what to do (perhaps have the driver turn around?! Or even apologize perhaps?) . Hopefully we will be able to order from a different store in the future or corporate will get a handle on this location. Pizza is really good and vegan friendly so I would hate to not order from papa Johns anymore."


 "I was not terribly impressed with the place, to be honest. I'd read good reviews so maybe I was expected too much. I did NOT like the bread and olive salsa and was terribly disappointed not to have chips and salsa, since this is one of my favorite things about Mexican type eating out. I hate olives. The shrimp tacos were OK. I ordered a margarita and was not too wild about it. It was strong, which I guess is nice, but it was not very tasty and there was a LOT of ice involved. With so many other options for Mexican food, I won't go back."


"Loved this place... its off strip but worth the drive out here.The crispy duck was awesome with tons of flavors and an awesome sauce.  The garlic shrimp was unique as you can eat the entire shrimp (shell and all) since they fry the shell and it melts in your mouth when you eat it!The only cons I would say was the service was spotty at times as it took 10-15mins to even get waiter to order.  But once we did get the waiter, we had pretty good service afterwards.The portions are smaller than average but then again what they make up for portions, they gain in flavor and quality.I would suggest ordering 2 dishes & appetizer or 3 dishes for a party of two.It is a little more pricier than the average thai place but well worth it!"


"Great bar and restaurant in Mandalay Bay. They have several vodka samplers and a large selection of martinis. Sometimes martinis are made too strong but  I tried three martinis - Sputnik One, Lenon's Kryptonite and Natasha's Peach - and all were dangerously tasty. Also snacked on some truffle fries and they were very addictive. Couldn't stop eating them! I really liked the atmosphere too and the art was very cool. I would definitely go back!"


"This place makes a mean burger.  There are a ton to choose from, too.  They put all kinds of different sauces on them, which I appreciate as a real sauce-guy.  You really can't go wrong, I've been here a few times and had a tasty burger every single time.  If you're in Madison and love burgers, you gotta go here.If you don't love burgers... you may still want to go here.  I recently tried the wings and cheese curds - both of which are pretty dang good.  The curds have a light batter to them.  Not quite Old Fashioned good, but definitely tasty.  Also, their chili was excellent and so were the chicken wings.  This place can do no wrong!"


"This review is based, solely, on the service aspect because we didn't stay to experience the food. We stopped by for a casual lunch on 7/14/14 at around 2:15pm, there was nobody up front. After sitting and waiting for someone to appear for a bit, my boyfriend stuck his head in back to give the bartender a heads up we were there. This to which he received a very unenthusiastic response. She came out and said \"what do u want to drink\" with a pretty significant eye role. Needless to say, we will not be offering our business to a place that treats their customers like this. Note to management: I read a couple reviews that resemble our experience, today. This isn't a one time incident."


"This place was soooo good that we ate here twice during our 3-day stay in Vegas. The first time we went, I was feeling guilty the entire day being so glutinous in Vegas that I ordered the Ahi tuna salad. It was good, but I immediately regretted my decision after I tried my husband's steak and frites.  The next day, we came back and we both ordered the steak and frittes. The steak was tender and the caramelized onion sauce complimented it really well. I usually order my steak medium, but since the steak was really thin, I had to order it medium rare to prevent them from overcooking it. The frites were really good, too! It's even better after it's been soaked in the au jus. It's also reasonably priced for being on the strip! We were able to sit outside and do some people watching while eating our delicious food.  - I'm drooling just thinking about their steak and frites... YUM!"


"Definitely not impressed. Service was LAME server knew nothing about French wine; neither did the \"expert\" that took over 30 minutes to come to our table to merely read the wine list to us. The server who brought the seafood appetizer was equally clueless. He informed us that Tamale Bay (sic) was \"somewhere on the East Coast\".  Add to that the oysters were poorly shucked; devoid of nectar and still attached to the shell.No plates for the bread & pistachios??? that came out after 20 mins. Food was really good, not fabulous. Two in my party got a special, the lamb shank; the most impressive item of the evening. Sorry Mr Keller, you need MUCH better staff.", 


"Tonight was my third dining experience here. I came with my family and ordered what I have ordered each time..ahi tuna taco platter with a side of french fries. While there are so many enticing menu options, the thought of this dish always makes my mouth water. The rest of my family really enjoyed their dishes, except for my mom. She really didn't like the red pepper soup, although she's not one to complain. Our waiter noticed she had barely eaten and asked if she didnt like it. She replied \"not really\" and he took the soup off the bill. I was really impressed by his service throughout the meal, but that was really above and beyond good service.I only wish Chelsea's Kitchen was closer!"


"My hubby & I came her for lunch about 2 weeks ago.I could tell from the building that this place had been around for a while. The tables had random business advertisements on them. Definitely different, but kinda cool.I ordered the grilled cheese & opted for both the bacon & ham on sourdough bread with fries. My hubs got  the turkey melt on sourdough bread with fries. My sandwich was pretty yummy, hubs not so much. The fries were ok, nothing above average.The other lunch options didn't look too exciting so I don't think I would come here for lunch again but from the other reviews maybe for breakfast? We shall see!"


"John is a bit clueless as a server. when they brought around the seafood skewers they were grossly overcooked. I referred to the  seafood as being \"abused,\" but john thought this meant it was so good that I was going to eat it all up.  \"Well abuse that seafood, then!\" was his reply. This remark actually made me giggle.The buffet selection was decent, although I wished they had more salad greens.The manager, was quite attentive, and he was quick to remedy the situation with the seafood by providing us with a freshly, properly cooked skewer. He even comped us dessert (this policy must be standard in the manager 101 handbook) We had the white chocolate cheesecake, which was decidedly more cheesecake than white chocolate. it was beautifully presented on the plate with a raspberry culee and mint garnish.Overall, I would recommend this place. Just make sure that the seafood is cooked to order.Overall our experience was reasonably pleasant. The staff was quite attentive (even when our \"go meat!\" Indicators were turned to red they still came sound to make sure we didn't want what they were offering).Thank goodness for Groupon for making this dining experience more affordable. Otherwise, there is usually a Brazilian themed show girl hanging out in the desert passage shops handing out coupons.Come for lunch because:A) it's less expensiveB) you have longer to digest the massive amount of meats you have consumed before it'sp bedtime!"


"I really dislike it when i go to a resturant and do not get acknowledged. 10 min. Is just too long.  Then to serve tepid beer and not offer a glass.  Not good...not good."

"So close to my mom's. The green chilli ones were yummy abd just enough spice.   I will be back!"

"The restaurant itself is very beautiful and the service is excellent but the food leaves a lot to the imagination. My wife and I go to a great sushi restaurant every Wednesday in the city of Alameda CA and I ordered the same thing that I always order and am used to paying about $37.50. What I got at Roku was about 1/2 the quanity and about !/2 the quality. The Nigri pieces were cut very thin and the Chirashi pieces were also cut very thin and the quanity was very sparce. We received a bill without the tip for $97.40. What a rip off to say the least. I wasn't expecting it. I guess this restaurant is only for turists who probably never ate sushi or will never go back. I sure would not go back or recommend this place to anyone."


"My daughter and I ate there about 2 weeks ago and dined in. We just had our food served to us and all of a sudden heard this clipping noise. I turned and looked back from the both we were sitting at and to my surprise the woman working ( who I believe is manager or owner) Was standing by the soda machine just clipping her nails and they were flying everywhere. I was beyond appalled and went to the register to complain, at first she tried to hide the clippers but had known I had already saw them so she told the cashier to give us our money back. The scary thought is, if thats what they are doing in the the front, what goes on in the back. Gross.....We will never eat there again!!!"


"My friends and I were staying at the Hilton and wandered around the village and stumbled across this restaurant, and I am so glad we did!  For dinner my beau and I split an order of fettuccine alfredo, we asked them to include chicken which they were very happy to oblige, but alas, upon receiving it, there was no chicken *sad face*.  Sans chicken it was still delicious, the sauce was so creamy and rich, but not too rich, just right!  Another friend of mine ordered a pepperoni pizza, and to the surprise of everyone, it was incredible!  The one who ordered it even claimed it to be the best pizza he has ever had, and he is a (self proclaimed) pizza aficionado!  For dessert I ordered the tiramisu which was to die for.  Another couple ordered the strawberry tiramisu which they thoroughly enjoyed, and my other friend ordered the cannoli and had zero complaints.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating (even if they forgot my chicken).  My only complaint is that our waiter was very slow to move along the process.  He would bring something out and would take forever to come back again.  Especially once we were done with the dinner, the dessert menu and ordering took a lifetime, as did signing the check.Even though the meal dragged out, the good company I was surrounded by and the delicious food made the night perfect!  If I am ever back in town, I will be hitting that place up for dinner... or at least dessert!"


 "So the one previous time I have been here my bf and I ordered breakfast bagel sandwiches to go at the counter. Which were HUGE and delicious (from what I remember anyway). I must admit, I think it's pretty cool how they've got the bagel display and other treats set up. It's just a comfy cozy kinda feeling to me. Last time we came it was mid morning and this place was p a c k e d! So this morning we opted to go about 7:30a just after they open to avoid the crowd; and we did just that. We were invited to seat ourselves when we walked in and immediately upon seating we were greeted and asked for our drink order. This was a good start and excited me because after our recent trip to PR I was glad to get great and quick customer service at a home town restaurant. I ordered the spinach and feta cheese omlet (added tomato); it came with home fries and a bagel with cream cheese. The bagel I loved. The home fries were ok. In the omlet they used fresh spinach which was great, I hate when restaurants use frozen or canned crap. Other than that I didn't really care for the omlet; I'm super picky with eggs and the eggs in this omlet were dry like over cooked, & it had browning on the outside of it which to me is disgusting. My bf had a bagels and lox; he loved it, just like he loves everything. The reason I give this place a 3 is because the food here just did not knock my socks off AND because they charged $4.50 for an orange juice, really? After we left I made the bf go around back and see if there was an orange tree back there because that's the only reason I can justify paying that much for a glass of juice, is if the tree is in the back growing those damn things and picked fresh daily. Lo and behold, there was no tree. I'm willing to give another try though sometime in the future. Their service though is definitely a 5 stars; from the friendliness of our waitress to how quick the food came out (under 10 min)."

 "The food in this place is OK (it was not particularly hot). Not much better than Taco Bell, to be honest, but when waiting for a Southwest flight at McCarran you don't have a lot of good options.The prices are high, as they always are at an airport, but not ridiculous.The service on the other hand, was abysmal. Not particularly slow or anything like that, but I do expect some small degree of courtesy from a server. We were treated in a totally offhand manner, and the server got our order wrong. No hello, thank you, goodbye, have a nice flight, etc. I would classify this woman as rude, to be frank.Next time, we'll just eat at Burger King or Sbarro."


"Good burgers, zucchini and root beer floats.  I hit up the drive thru and grabbed some food and for the place looking like a bit of a dump i was pretty impressed with the food.  I will definitely go back and try some other stuff!"

"hangover food.good."

"The sushi rolls are well balanced...compared to other sushi restaurants who add more rice to make it look bigger. The food tasted great and the ingredients complemented each other. The ambiance is relaxing and comfortable. Great service."


"I had dinner at CUT last Thursday (3/19/09) and was fully satisfied with my meal and more.  Decor wise, it has a modern feel with metaillic colors everywhere.  We were nicely greated by the hostess and waiters the entire night.  For appetizers, my party of 6 had two orders of pork belly, bone marrow and asparagus.  The pork belly was nice and crispy on the outside and buttery fat on the inside.  Well done.  The bone marrow was creamy and delicious and worth trying if you haven't done so already.For entrees, we all had different steaks but I'm going to save you some time and say that they're all pretty ridiculously good.  I've eaten at Peter Luger's in Brooklyn several times so its hard to top their steaks but the steaks at CUT are pretty close.  Overall - You're going to pay an arm and leg for your meal but my meal was worth every penny."


"Dined here last night and oh my goodness. If you read my posts, you will see we are frequent Vegas goers. I can honestly say that Brand Steakhouse is a hidden gem found in the Monte Carlo. Some of the complaints on here focus on the fact that it's in the casino. Get over it people...its Vegas. Anyway....this dinner was the best dinner we have ever had in Vegas. My mother in law and I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass. Wow. It was fabulous!! The ever so tasty fish laid on top of a delicious pile of rock shrimp rissoto, topped with bruschetta. We're slightly sea bass snobs and this one tied for first place in my book. My husband and his dad ordered the waygu beef short rib. It was extremely tender and tasty with a side of candy striped beets that tasted like they were fresh out of the garden! And the price was unheard of! For the sides, we ordered the garlic mash potatoes, green beans and mushrooms. Holy moly, the mushrooms mixed with the steak or even the mash potatoes....to absolutely die for!!!! The green beans were fresh and crisp to perfection. Since we were celebrating a birthday for my father in law, we opted for dessert. The waiter recommended these little donut holes, injected with nutella with a side of peanut butter/coconut sauce and a side of strawberry sauce. Seriously. Our waiter was an absolute doll and the service was to perfection. I highly recommend this place!!"


"First time here.I got the Greek fries and a gyro.  Both dishes had a vinegary taste to them which wasn't necessarily unpleasant...just different.  I wasn't expecting it on my gyro especially.  Since I'm ignorant to authentic Greek cuisine, I'm thinking this might be the way a gyro is supposed to taste?  I don't know, but it sure was different.Anyway, the fries were friggin' awesome, even with the vinegary thing going on.  Feta cheese, oregano, some more cheese, and a dressing coats these big crispy steak fries.  So good.  And the order was quite filling by itself.As I said, the gyro had that thing going on, but past that, the meat was super tender and moist.  Their sauce (guess its tszi-uhm however you spell that) was plentiful but not overpowering at all, and it didn't make it sloppy.  The thing was chock full, too.  Huge.  $5.80The service was nice, too.  And I'm NOT just saying that due to the girls working the front being absolute knock-outs.  They even suckered me into a piece of baklava, which ended up being the best I've ever had.So this appears to be an authentic place, and its right down the street!  The food was good enough to make me want to try everything on the menu at least once, and I believe I will embark on that journey.  Vinegariness or not."


 "I had my very first cr\u00eape here a few years ago and I've addicted, ever since. This beautiful, romantic, little cr\u00eaperie is well worth a visit. The atmosphere and food were amazing and made a lasting impression. I'll never forget this place and hope to return someday. Highly recommend!"


"Toi, Moi et Caf\u00e9 is a cute little coffee shop slash restaurant which features a fair selection of coffee, desserts and local (French) cuisine. Because I find the food to be slightly overpriced, I usually prefer to visit during the evening for a warm coffee and dessert when the restaurant is almost empty and the best seats by the window are available. If you have a sweet tooth, I highly recommend their Cr\u00e8me Br\u00fbl\u00e9e as well as their Pecan and Chocolate pie; both are delicious. I also go for the atmosphere; low light, calm and meditative. The staff is always amicable, efficient and quick.Were the prices a bit lower I would gladly give them five stars. After all, it's not difficult to find good and cheaper food elsewhere in Montreal. Until then, four will have to do for price/value. I still recommend nonetheless"


"I can't tell if it was genuinely delicious or if we were just all so blasted from the night that we couldn't tell the difference. The line up combined with everyone saying it was the most delicious certainly helped me decide it was damn tasty.It resulted in the group I visited with coming by here twice in two nights. It helps that it's right on a prime corner to stumble past.Overall the pizza was tasty and prices were decent, the only thing not so fun is the stairs and small platform you stand upon is a little too small when people are tipsy and stumbling."


"Horrible customer service! My family went for breakfast and we all got cold hashbrowns when complaining to our waitress she offered to reheat them, uh microwaved no thanks. Before we ordered I asked to substitute my fries for fruit which they said no, but the prices are the same on the menu. We got the bill and asked to speak with a manager about our cold food, she then proceeded to argue with us that our food was not cold, finally storming away. Are you kidding me. Cold food, terrible service, pick a different place."

"Good for sushi fix. Good fish, their Tokyo express was quite nice."

"Think Dinty Moore canned roast beef...just like my mom used to make it for movie night at Town & Country's AMC. She'd make it with a can of Ortega diced green chilis, diced onions but this version adds cabbage and tomatoes. And all for $4. Love it. Before you go off on it, remember how much you're paying for this burro! Four bucks. You haven't had it this good since you had medium pizzas for \"regular price, four bucks, four bucks, four bucks.\"I ordered the beans and rice on the side (they're normally served inside the burro), so I got to taste the sticky Spanish rice seasoned with chili powder on its own. The whole beans were pretty good too. Great as a side dish; so _glad_ I ordered them on the side. You can even take one of the bottles of habanero sauce to the table to impress and double dare your friends!I have to agree with others' comments on the \"homemade\" lemonade. Like the beef burro It also took me straight back to my childhood, remembering sugary (think corn syrupy) Freezees at Circle-K. Definitely not fresh (except for the wedge of lime which was dry) but oh so memorable.Don't forget the success of tiny Lenny's burgers at 15th Ave. Hippies pops at lunch being so close to the Brophy and Xavier campus. Great value, and location location location. I hope it's in the running for a permanent spot on the \"square\" (7th St to Ave, Camelback to McDowell).Yea! Can't wait to try their special shrooms at the other location."


"Read about this place on a Yelp so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm somewhat picky about Vietnamese restaurants as I travel to Bay Area a lot. But this place is exceptionally good. The service was solid and very friendly. Place is very clean and well maintained. You can tell they take pride in making their restaurant welcoming. But most importantly the food is fresh, well prepared and very tasty. I have the seafood phu and it was fantastic. The vegetables were crisp and fresh. Pho Chandler had good traffic so you know they are pleasing their clients. I look forward to my next visit.  Well Done Pho Chandler!!!"


"I came here today expecting good food. I heard from a source that it was tasty. I'm a vegetarian, and I know American restaurants don't usually cater to my tastes, but the hostess said they had a really good veggie burger. I bought into it. The mozzarella sticks appetizer was clearly store-bought, but the onion rings were fair. They at least looked homemade to some extent. I took the hostess' recommendation and ordered the jalape\u00f1o veggie burger. To my dismay, it was a store-bought Boca Burger. I didn't like those things very much to begin with, so I didn't even finish half of the burger. The people eating with me complained of how their food tasted too salty and like it was frozen and thawed out before being served. Seriously, pass on this place and go to the Taco Mac across the street. The only things good about this place was the service, which was better than average. It's a shame the food was so \"meh.\""

"We came here for dinner on my friend's bachelorette party. I really liked how the place look. The decor and colors are really nice. They are located in encore. I decided to order a Caesar's salad and their meatball sliders for my dinner. Everything just tasted okay. However my bread for my sliders was kind of burn. I don't get how a restaurant can serve burn crispy black bread. It would just be easier to just toast me up a new one. Sorry, I love my bread so to get bread that a two year old can toast up better really had to take off a star for that. Overall, it was just okay and wouldn't be back for a long time since there is so many better restaurant in Vegas for the price."

"Sinatra is truly in a class all its own. Nestled in yet another hospitality monstrosity on the Las Vegas Strip (Encore/Wynn), this restaurant is well worth visiting. Everything about the experience was first class. From the greeting and seating by the manager, to the sommelier, to the to-die-for food, and our favorite bottle of Domaine Ott Rose (they only had one bottle left...and we shared a bit with our server), we've been dreaming about this place since we left. The polenta sticks were crispy outside and creamy inside, and the meat sauce accompanying them put food I've had in Italy to shame. The second pasta dish we chose was a special that evening of tagliatelle with brown butter and black truffles that were shaved over the dish in front of us. I swear, the poor dog or hog that had to sniff out this truffle would have been dejected had he seen how much we were given.Again, the strip is over-saturated with chains and mediocrity as we all know, but Sinatra was a complete departure from either. Romantic, classy, and well-executed...that is the Sinatra experience. We'll see you in two weeks!"

"Solid lunch delivered in minutes. Med chicken flatbread and Greek salad. Iced tea. Polite if impersonal service."

"There was a discrepancy with my order...the server was very nice and corrected it promptly. Ordered gluten-free bread--was very excited about it, given I don't get to order it very often in restaurants, but then was told they were out...would suggest keeping more on hand"

"This is easily my favorite burger place. I don't mean my favorite burger place in Las Vegas either, I mean period.I've been coming to Sammy's for years now and I have a number of items I circle around on. The Chipotle Burger is wonderful, the Steak Burger is mighty and it's worth combining the two and have yourself a Chipotle Steak burger as well. When I stray away from burger land I have to say that the Italian combo is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I love that thing.The meal fries are all awesome and great to share at a table. Make sure you have at least four guys if you're hitting up a large.Oh yes, finally... the shakes--the CUSTARD shakes. These things will kill you but it's totally worth it. DO NOT get a large. Seriously. Don't do it.Before going to Sammy's, you need to remember what it is: it's a man food type place. The portions are large, there's a lot of greasiness and fat going on (oh yeah, and runny eggs on some of the burgers). It's also a pit. There's four tables, some of them are uneven and frankly, it adds to the charm of the place.Tip from a long time patron: Don't go to Sammy's and order a regular burger and fries. Don't. It's not because either item is bad but because the menu is WAY more interesting than that.Additional tip: If you're an obnoxious customer, do not expect that being obnoxious will get you anywhere at Sammy's. Bryan, the owner, does not care how much you badger, complain or threaten. You may even get mocked by him should you choose to take that approach. I almost hope for this sort of customer whenever I drop in because watching the mayhem that ensues tends to enhance the meal.I love this place and I almost always eat here with \"the guys.\" There are no salads. There is no \"light\" menu. These are burgers, the way God intended."

"Maybe it's that we showed up on a Sunday night, but I thought the food was lackluster. However highlights include the many salsas that arrived at the table, and the house made tortilla chips. The pork was dry/overcooked. The Shrimp and grits came highly recommend, but was just... Okay. They do sell pitchers of beer though!"

"Nice family owned restaurant. Good taste. Lots of rice."

"My Gf and I decided to stop in before celebrating st party's at the bar next door. The food was very good (I had the Philly burger and the girl had the ambrosia gyro).  I can't believe nobody else is here at this time. The food was well worth the price (at first I thought it seemed high for a cafe).  Had this saved on my comp since i wrote it from my phone, and have eaten there twice more.  Each time it has been very empty inside, but they were busy with to-go and deliveries. Each time has been very satisfying."

"I coukd have easily overlooked this being in a little strip center with a gas station but saw the yelp reviews.  It is very small but charming. I had the eggs benedict and lox- very tasty!  I was wondering how they could stay in business in that location but it seems like their main business is catering, so makes sense."

"The patio here is great. As is the service.Weve enjoyed everything weve tried here. My personal fave is the animal fries.The margaritas are lethal, but delicious. The chambord maragarita is THE BEST. So delicious."

"Loved this place! Came here on a Saturday for brunch. I got a Bloody Mary and my hubby got mimosas Both really good! For brunch I got the flautas which were very delicious and my hubby got the pork hash! Can't wait to go back !"

"Oooooh...I was a little apprehensive about Rocket. Their vegetarian selection did not look promising. No veggie burger? What?!We ordered the mushrooms and zucchini to start. Oh-em-geeee! These were home made morsels of joy with a mouthwatering, well seasoned batter. I ordered a veggie sub and everyone else ordered a burger. The burgers were raved about with every bite. My veggie sub on the other hand? Just so-so. The bread was really good and the quality and variety of veggies was good. Something just didn't work though... I think it didn't have enough mustard/ mayo/ sauce/ dressing. It needed something. And more cheese probably.We also had fries and cheese curds on the side. Fries were fresh, not frozen. Yay! Cheese curds were tasty.Soda wall was a bit insane. I'm not a soda person. I was getting a toothache just looking at this wall. I would prefer a beer wall...", 


"Delicious dumpling.  I tried the fried pork and coriander ones.  I still remember the perfect little burst of broth from each bite :) Can't wait to tried the steamed ones next time around."

"I have dined at Elements roughly half a dozen times now, and they always offer fine cuisine done right. Combinations are simple, yet delicate, offering robust flavors with beautiful presentation. In my opinion, their charcuterie is one of the best in the city, though I have not yet been to Cure. My most recent trip to Elements was on a Tuesday night, having dinner before a show at The Cabaret Theater.My date and I were both very pleased with our meals. My date had scallops atop a black bean cake. The scallops were tender and buttery, and the black bean cake was infused with cumin, cilantro, and a warm bite. I had seared tuna, which was cooked to perfection. The accompanying rice cake with ponzu sauce offered a nice crunch that contrasted the softness of the tuna.The ever-gracious host came around not once, but twice to ask us if we enjoyed our food and if he could do anything for us. The live music was a nice touch. Well done."

"Definitely one of the better buffets in the valley and possibly THE best on the West side.  I've been here twice now for lunch with Rand, Norm and Mike.  The food and service have always been good.  Because they have so many items, several go off the beaten path in entrees and desserts which means everybody should find something they like."

"This was one of the best dining experiences I've had.  I've been going to try Twist for awhile and I went there last night for a special meal.  I got the 6 course chef's tasting menu.  I made a reservation for 6 PM, the time they open. I was going to Blue Man Group later and I wanted to have plenty of time for a relaxed dinner and time to get to the show.David took my order after answering some questions I had about the menu--a menu I had poured over online.  He was a great help.There were five canap\u00e9s delivered shortly after.  They're small and they were quite interesting in flavor and execution.  They were in/on three items.  My favorite was the salad of watermelon and dragon fruit, passion fruit, and basil.  A close second was the paprika-tomato meringue with smoked salmon and black olive agar.  The almond and ginger sable was none too shabby either.  All 5 were excellent!The first course was glazed Skate with red miso water, spring vegetables and Paris mushroom duxelle.The second course consisted of the 3 small bites--a grilled prawn on spinach velout\u00e9 with garlic and parmesan.  The second bite was a piece of lobster with poached turnip, toasted sesame, and bisque.  The third portion was a cold, soft-boiled egg with Ossetra caviar in the yolk on a bed of marinated clams, red ahi tuna, and cuttlefish.Course three was Mediterranean John Dory with pink pepper, fine foie gras tart and baby artichokes.The fourth course was a palate cleanser.  It was a champagne sorbet which had some salted cucumber and a Campari soaked Red Beet.  I was blown away by the cucumber and sorbet combination.  Fantastic!Course five was Sonoma Valley Duck Breast with Alexia Potato, berries on a piquillo pepper reduction, and Bigarrde sauce.  The duck was excellent and the tart fruit with the pepper reduction--another superb flavor pairing!The last course was dessert which consisted of 5 different small desserts.  They were a coffee panna cotta with Bailey's, Kahlua, Coffee Gel\u00e9e and lime sorbet.  Almond-Frangipane cake with lemon-Krisch syrup.  A third was strawberry soup with raspberry and basil, and a \"Bella Vista\" granit\u00e9.  Then a fresh coconut tartlet with iced coconut, cilantro, and celery curls.  The last was a chocolate ganache.  As with the entire meal, the flavors developed in the desserts was wonderful!  Coconut, cilantro and celery--who would have thought?Service was excellent all evening, even when things became quite busy.  When my iced tea got low, a server brought me a new glass and switched the two.  I didn't have to ask, it was just done.  A funny example, when things weren't so busy, I sneezed.  Within a few moments, a server was at the table with a box of Kleenex.  Service with a smile and funny!  The same server also brought me a small Mandarin Oriental bag with a copy of all the menu items.  He had heard me mention to one of the servers that I'd never remember all the things.  The server wanted to make sure I had something to remind me.  Classy!The restaurant is very classy and the view is excellent.  I was there during daylight and dined long enough to enjoy seeing the lights come on along the Boulevard!  I wore a jacket and tie--their website requests that men wear jackets.  Most came dressed with business casual.Truly a wonderful dinner, about 2 1/2 hours.  It's worth the cost for the chance to try some unique foods in a unique setting with superb service!"


"The pizza is pretty good, but the price is rather inflated (I guess it just goes hand-in-hand with the Vegas lifestyle).  The types of pizza are unique, and the crust is of the thin floppy variety.  They also offer garlic bread (balls..blobs..?) that are decent.  There is limited counter space to stand at, and even more limited stools on which to sit.  They also have some arcade games, and the walls of the mini alley are lined with countless photos which was pretty neat.My biggest woe is that it took forever to find!  The Cosmopolitan doesn't have any signs up for it, and it's hidden in this alley way to the right of an Asian restaurant, near a non-functional glass elevator, 3rd floor.  Don't bother with Google Maps walking directions either, it takes you outside where you can smell the darned pizza baking but you can't see it!  Talk about a rough night..."

"I have eaten here over 10x. I used to go a lot on my lunch break, but I have stopped. They had really good burgers. The environment is nice, but the last 2x I went they messed up my order and I believe they made a mistake and put sugar on my french fries."

"This place is very good!Started off with the calamari in umido! Well done. 2nd was the zuppa di cozze & vongole also very good. For the main coarse  Pollo scarpariello is excellent! Next my mother had the penne alla vodca also very good! So all in all a very nice dining experience! Cant wait to try the pork chop next time!",

"Bagels here are step up from Panera, Brueggers, einsteins, etc.  Try to get mail coupons from here.The inside is very cramped, hot, and staff could be friendlier."

"I loved this place and I can't believe it was just by accident that I discovered it. I was walking by on St Catherine's last night and saw a guy making crepes in a window. I thought to myself, this is a place to go for breakfast tomorrow and that's what I did today. For less than $11, I got a giant coffee and a huge spinach and egg crepe. I arrived at 8am and there were hardly any customers. I was surprised and then concerned but not for long. Service was fast and polite, and the crepe was perfect! I plan to come back tomorrow and try a crepe from their sweet menu-strawberries and dark chocolate. Mmm!"

"Just moved over to Ray/Priest and wanted to try Coal Burger. I went in a couple of weeks ago since I saw they had organic choices. I like the set-up, you can eat in fairly quickly or take out. I liked the selections they had and the service was great although they didn't have to do much since I took it home. I got an Organic Hamburger with fries. The fries were just regular fries, nothing fancy but delicious as all fries pretty much are. The burger was tasty but was nothing really special which overall is what I would say about Coal Burger was that it's just ok. The meat and bun were small for what I paid and very underwhelming. I don't think I'll be back, I love San Tan or other burger places too much to come back here."

"The restaurant was clean, the service was good, but the food just didnt have it.  I'm huge into \"sauces\" but each one I tried was too plain.  The sandwich was dry and for what I got it seemed a little overpriced.I miss the greek place...PS.  I went back (very close to my office) and the food was actually pretty good on the 2nd go-round."

"Just had a late lunch and a beer today. Food was very very good! Wings and burger and fries were delish! Waitress acted like it was her first day. Maybe it was? KNOW YOUR BEERS if you're a server, study the menu or write it down and put it in your pocket! All in all we will go back for the food!"

"My daughter loves this place.  They have a awesome atmosphere and friendly staff. My daughter had her 4th birthday party here and its was a amazing time for her and all her friends. Their food and coffee is a added ++."

"EAT THE ONION RINGS!!! They are amazing and only $2!!! The bbq here is decent, I have been here a few times and usually get the pulled pork sandwich, standard bbq meal. I'd give the bbq 6of10 but the great service and GIANT shark tank bring it up to an 8of10. I took a group of 25 last night and they handled a large group very well; we all ate and paid in a little over an hour. The manager Carl is extremely nice and accommodating."

"Sorry...Can only give this place 2 stars. We went at night, and the 1st thing we noticed was the cold, hard, white, & un-inviting  lights!!!! Ugh! ...Terrible lighting in there! It was like street light lighing, or like warehouse lighting....Was not appropriate for a dining place at all!  The waiter informed us that they were out of 3 things on the menu! (...That's a bad sign right there!). I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Cole Slaw.The sauce & the shredded chicken came separate....You had to pour in the sauce on the chicken.  At Honey Bears, it already mixed in, which I feel is better that way.The chicken wasn't really that warm, luke warm at most, and that goes for the sauce, too. Plus, I thought the sauce was on the bland side. It was missing flavor.  The cole slaw was the same way...bland.  Honey Bear's is far better!! ...Their sauce is kick-ass! ...It has a 'kick'.Also, the sound acoustics were awful in there. There were only about  8 people dining but it sounded like there were 40 people! Also, I spotted an employee eating food in the kitchen.... I don't think that customer should be seeing that happening.One more thing, the restroom smelled absolutely HORRIBLE! ...Like a sewer in there! ...Sorry for all of the complaints, but I am just telling you what happened on my visit there... We will most likely not return here.  Honey Bear's BBQ is way better!"

"We tried them with the a coupon I got in the mail. Buy one get one. Good food. I loved their banana muffins. Fresh fresh. Waitress was really nice."

"Oh my! We are visiting Madison for a family event and one evening my daughter returned home with a pulled pork sandwich and chicken wrap which were delicious!It was a quick take out and an even faster devouring of some really great food... Left us pining for more so now this place is on my prowl list..."

"Panera Bread wannabes. Food was OK and coffee was Eh. Not large portions for price. Free chocolate chip cookie was a nice touch and the orange scone was good. Broccoli cheddar soup was pretty good. Would not come back."

"I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work."

"Incredible cocktails and great happy hour! Staff was super warm and friendly. Deviled eggs, peppers and flatbread were all great. You can alway tell what kind of cocktails you are gonna get by the type of ice they use. A big block in my old fashioned set the stage for great drinks! Will be back for sure."

"I've been to MRT multiple times.  The first to check out for a new potential lunch spot and after approval, I brought a client there for lunch again.  The food, staff and atmosphere were great all times. Great addition to Montford in my mind.  I'll keep going back."

"This group of restaurants rarely donate to local schools, charities etc, so I rarely visit it, but I visit when it is convenient to my friends.  This restaurant has pricey good food, but they always treat me strangely when I am there.  It's like if you are not a regular, you are disposable.  When I spend that kind of money, I don't want to be rushed by server b/c it is 10 p.m.   I also want the last piece or prosciutto on the board-- so stop trying to bus it every four minutes."


"I went here today for the first time - the food was awesome.  Very fresh and full of flavor.  The service was great as well.  I will def be back soon.  ;-)"

"OMG I love this place.  I go EVERY FRIDAY!  Call ahead and its almost always ready by the time I get there, usually within 10-15 minutes.  I go so much she now knows my name and my order.  Im shocked to see people say they are rude.  Never once have they been rude, even before I became a regular and Ive never seen them be rude to anyone while I am in there.  I always get the combination plate Chicken Katsu and BBQ Short Ribs and my bf gets combination plate BBQ Chicken and Chicken Katsu.  Its quite a bit of food for $9 and some change.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Its an old diner style place but big, spacious and ok.  Its not a 5 star restaurant but nice, esp compared to some of the ones I've been to around town.  Great place, great food, great price!"

"Great spot looking out at camelback mountain.  They have an ever rotating selection of craft beers and knowledgeable, friendly bartenders.  The wings are very tasty.  We're bringing a friend back because we had a great time."

"Worst cafe rio I have ever been too. Completely Out of all their juices and their brewed tea's didn't have lids exposing the deliciousness of that which is tea to all the environmental factors. Beans were slimy. Not a very pleasant working staff either.  The cheery on top is the airconditoning unit was broken."

"Loved my Vegan Burger here - have never had something like that before.  It was two portabella mushrooms with peppers etc. inside.  Also had sweet potato fries. Everything was absolutely delicious. Waiter was exceptional. Would have given 5 stars except we sat at the entrance next to a busy, kind of run down mall.  If you are looking for great food at reasonable prices - without too much fuss - this is it."

"Just came across this place on a restaurant search ap this morning and wanted to give it a try. I could easily end up becoming a regular here.We went for breakfast, but they also have lunch and have recently added dinner. Oh, and they do Take and Bake pizza on top of that! I had the tofu scramble and my partner had the French toast. Both were amazing. We split a freshly baked vegan cinnamon roll with our coffee for dessert. Unbelievably sweet and tasty.It was pretty quiet this morning so there was no waiting and plenty of time for the owner to share lots of info about The Cutting Board, the menu, ingredients, plans for the future etc..  The food came out in a reasonable amount of time by a friendly server who was also able to explain some of the details of my scramble. I didn't recognize some of the micro greens on top so she clued me in.I was nosy with the table near us and those folks shared that the breakfast burrito and the tofu tamari English muffin were also really good.Cleanliness matters to me and this place was spotless.We noticed they had a few outside tables and a water bowl for dogs. Thinking next time will bring the boys.Okay, my Take and Bake pizza is almost ready. Hope it is as good as breakfast was."


"Not surprised to see this place is closed- a little relieved.They had a Groupon up, so they were clearly hurting for business. Shit-talking your existing customers generally doesn't encourage more people to give you a try, either: see management's response to Paul G's review. That alone dropped my typical 3-star-mediocre rating to a bottom of the barrel single-star.Menu is small, not too many specialty rolls and even when you order them they are small. Take out seems to be a hassle for this location but dining in would take a century and a half.Fish is not the freshest and pricing is on par with places that have better quality. There are so many other places in the city that do sushi better and with more variety, sans an attitude problem.Good riddance."

"On the fence with a mixed bag of deliberation.Let me first commend the hostesses. Great opener to the first-time visitor. Extremely friendly, courteous, and genuinely enthusiastic.We ordered the loaded BBQ nachos, crispy (deep fried\") meatloaf, cheddar cheese grits, fried catfish sandwich, crackling pork shank, and BBQ brisket.The best part of the meal was the appetizers. That meatloaf and nacho boulder were a phenom start.... (that meatloaf should be on every deathrow prisoner's bucket list)......... then it went sideways and slightly downhill like a 2-bit skateboard park. The catfish was too salty, brisket too dry, and cheese grits too...... out-of-a-cardboard-box tasting. The one saving grace was the pork shank because....... how the heck can anyone screw up pork at a BBQ place?The live band was very ordinary (seriously, how do you mess up \"My Sharona\"?), but the highlight throughout the night were the double barrel dancers that kicked their heels throughout the night up in the rafters, as well as waddling and 2-stepping throughout the restaurant...... a very welcomed distraction.Because this is an SBE restaurant, on top of the fact that a Vegas bar is expected to be high at these menu prices (yeah they're not cheap folks), my expectations are high, and therefore rating standards are tough on this one. Cocktails were decent, but ridonkulously high-priced for the small quantity, and Bar service was slow. They also need to work on sound engineering and accoustic construction (waaaaay too much audible turbulence for a restaurant), and the air is far too thick. I think it has something to do with fog machines, but whatever it is, airflow is very stale and we eventually left because of headaches.That said, I won't take away from the general fun atmosphere of the place. The dancers really brought a great dynamic to the place, and there was no shortage of gawking diners. It was sort of reminiscent of the days when the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders could send any place into a high-octane frenzy when they toured the country and were a one-of-a-kind breed back in the day.From a epicurean standpoint, skip this place if you're expecting anything more than a basic BBQ roadhouse joint. But if you're in the mood for group fun, you'll probably like it. Will I come back? For partying? Yes. For food? Meh..... we'll see...."

"The name \"Hula\" makes me think of greasy Hawaiian BBQ but I can promise you that you won't find any of that at this hopping Scottsdale eatery. My friend and I went for lunch and we were pleased that they had their own parking lot (albeit small) and we were surprised that the interior was classy (whereas we were expecting uber casual beachy). Service was prompt and friendly and it was only a matter of time before our lunches arrived - Caesar salad with shrimp rolls and a Polynesian chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The Caesar dressing is amazing so I would recommend any of the Caesar salads here.  The Polynesian chicken sandwich was excellent but definitely a little messy so if you are at Hulas on a first date or lunch interview I would skip it.  :-).  For visitors from colder parts of the country, I can see where they would really enjoy the garage doors that roll up for access to the small outdoor patio and to welcome Sonoran breezes.Not only is the food good here but the atmosphere is great too.  If you are fortunate enough to be there when the weather is ideal it's reminiscent of a San Diegan or Hawaiian ocean front burger stand."

"I am a tiki aficionado and was looking forward to checking this place out. The curb appeal is rather cool outside. Entering the place it does have a real modern feel hence the word in their name. However, I was really really disappointed that there wasn't any tiki type props or decorations anywhere in the restaurant other than the kitschy midcentury props stored inside the bar and the lonely only picture in the entire tiki themed restaurant hidden in the corner - a Mark Ryden print. I just expected a lot more and was told by the bartender that the other central location is better themed so I hope that they're going to make some additions as far as the decor goes . Now we had just eaten at Malee's Thai Room so we didn't sample any of the food items. What we did have was this giant scorpion bowl drink that was strong as heck and tasted awesome - flaming nectar of the gods it was. Bravo! Mr. Bartender. We would have stayed just a little bit longer but there was an extremely intoxicated noisy loud platinum blonde Snottsdale bimbo screeching stupidity right next to my wife's ear so we decided to pack it up after one. I'll make my way down here again and check it out again and maybe downtown too."

"Ok I will admit it, I love Italian food.  I could eat pasta every night of the week. But when we go out to eat, it's rarely at an Italian restaurant. You see, my grandmother was from Italy and cooked like you wouldn't believe. And because if that I'm a little (lot) picky about the quality of my Italian food. Leaving a hole in my dining out repertoire. Until now!!!If my grandmother was alive, even she would love the food at La Fontana!  Took the whole family in on a Thursday for, regrettably, a quick bite. Oh how I wish I had two hours to sit and eat 5 courses of this fresh, authentic Italian cuisine!! We made it fast but it was amazing. First off the ambiance is classic, loads of family pictures on the walls and I'm pretty sure \"The Godfather\" score was playing in the background. We were greeted by Franco, the realist deal around. So warm and friendly, he made the entire experience feel more like eating at a beloved friends house than a restaurant. We had pasta and meatballs for the kids; pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, the sauce was as good as Grandmas. And that's a BIG deal in my family. I didn't get to taste a meatball before they gobbled them up, but I heard they were tender and tasty. Husband had chicken parm; chicken breast lightly breaded, covered with sauce and melted mozz, a side of rigatoni- cooked to perfection. I had the Penne Alla Puttanesca. It comes with capers and olives, they had no problem adding peas at my request. It was DIVINE. Again with the perfectly cooked pasta in a sauce that had nice deep flavor without being too spicy like some puttanesca. We didn't have time for dessert but I know I will go back and get my hands on their Tiramisu. Final verdict: YOU! Yes, you. Go now. Go tonight. Eat at La Fontana every chance you get. I know I will!!! Grandma would be proud! Ciao!"

"I could write a book on how good this place is. Menu is flawless.  I've had almost all of it.  Love all of it.  Garlic rice is my clear fav!!!   You just gotta trust me and go and get some"

"Normally I wouldn't really look twice at a random sports bar, but there aren't a ton of places in LV (especially in my neighborhood) where you can bring kids and watch football. Bentley's gets points there because it's not super smoky, they serve food, and it's never packed, so there's plenty of space for the kids to move around if they want.It's a pretty good place to watch football because there are lots of tvs and you can get a speaker for your table if you ask.Bonus for the patio outside, looking at Sunset Park.However, they lose points several other places: the management (after 2-ish years) has yet to change the outside sign from Nikki Lee's to Bentley's. It's dark and dirty-feeling inside. Food is a little high priced.They can't even bother to print out a nice-looking menu at FedEx and have it laminated. Instead they give you a photocopied version of the old one, stapled together (seriously).So overall, Bentley's is kinda divey (which is not my scene), but due to it's family-ish atmosphere, we'll probably be back."

"I was torn between 3 stars or 2. What saved them was the service. Hostess seated us right away, our water glasses were ALWAYS full, and our waitress visited us a few times to make sure everything was going ok.The reason for the low rating was the food. First of all charging over $3 for salsa \"tasters\" is ridiculous. When I go to a Mexican restaurant I expect to get chips and salsa. Just like I expect to get bread and olive oil at an Italian place. So we ordered the guacamole and some salsa. Portion was good but the taste was average. I ordered the swordfish tacos. All in all they were very good. You get 4 tacos in a serving and it came with a piece of fish and slaw. The slaw was a cabbage and jalepineo mix which was VERY good.My wife ordered the chicken enchilada. So so... Chicken was ok but the smothered it with a creamy sort of dressing that ruined the dish.Probably won't go back."

"Really enjoyed this place! Went here for my birthday with family and I'm happy we did! We LOVE mexican food and good salsa/guacomole and Mercadito had both. The menu was a little confusing but that is very minor compared to how great the food and service was.Our waitress Amber was fabulous. She seemed very happy to be at work and was very knowledgeable. We got the 'unlimited 3 salsas,' and 'traditional guacomole,' to start with. Everything tasted sooo fresh. I'm a guacomole connoisseur (haha) and fell in love with Mercadito's guac. I'm already craving to go back for it. I got the enchiladas and they were delish. You know its great food when you can taste the freshness and that is what my family and myself kept talking about.I can't wait to go back & Thank you Amber for a great experience!"

"Interesting location. Excellent food. Great beer. Waiters are very nice people. Really injoyed my stay."
