Went here for lunch today. A big "A-OK". Nothing special, but it did the trick. Order the chimichanga lunch special w/shredded chicken and the typical rice and beans on the side. For 6.99, no complaints other than the chimichanga was not fried. Came out as a burrito...hmmm? Probably for the best anyway. Service was a little slow, as we sat outside on the patio and were forgotten about once. Will I return...sure; if someone says "hey, I'm at Salsas come meet me" Will I seek this place out for a meal other than that...no. However; it's a decent place for a Mexican lunch.

I eat lunch here pretty frequently, and the food is excellent.  Highly recommend the stuffed tomatoes. All the stir-fry type dishes that I have had have been excellent. And the prices are extremely reasonable.  When they get crowded (pretty rare for lunch) or have a big take out order, the wait can be long as I don't think they have much in the way of kitchen staff. OK, yes, the whole "Supreme Master" thing is quite strange, but honestly it sort of fades into the background anyway. And yes, the name looks a bit odd on an expense report if you take clients there. Still, the food is great.

El Bravo has a typical menu with the regular items you expect to find at a Mexican restaurant.  The success of El Bravo is the quality of the food and their ability to put a distinct mark on Mexican standards.  I ordered the #6: Chicken Tamale Deluxe Combo that included a shredded beef flauta, ground beef taco (with flour shell), chicken tamale with rice and beans.  The flauta and tamale were fantastic.  The green sauce on the tamale top notch.  The flower taco shell was an interesting experience.  It's the first I've had in the style offered at El Bravo.  I prefer the standard corn shell (also offered at El Bravo) but it made for a nice deviation from my typical taco experience. My order took longer than I would typically expect but worth the wait.  El Bravo has a smaller staff and all the food is prepared fresh when you order.  This isn't assembly line style cooking.  You can even look into the kitchen from the counter and watch the magic happen.  The dining area is of ample size and fit for the solo diner or families.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly and attentive.  Overall, I can say that El Bravo is one of the best restaurants, Mexican or otherwise, in Phoenix.

I love coming to Aloha on my lunch break! The food is excellent I love the combo with the katsu chicken and teryiaki chicken. Its big enough that I can take some leftovers to my 3 year old who also loves this place! Its fast, good cheap and service is good!

One of the best, if not the best sushi in East Valley. Service was excellent. Family-owned business and able to answer all questions. Atmosphere and decor were high-end but comfortable, music couldn't have been better. Happy Hour menu could use some more items, however that's not why we choose to eat there. Love, love, loved Chirashi Sushi bowl. Special strawberry custard crepe dessert was amazing! Definitely adding to my favorite sushi restaurants, can't wait to go back.

Great food and they have deep fried rattle snake yum.

When I need a quick lift and a satisfying meal...Chili's has my business.  Our Chili's is full of good food, good service and a pulse that says there's life between the walls of the establishment.  The Chili's staff are always friendly and efficient and the menu has lots of options for a variety of appetites.  It's just a nice, comfortable place to replenish my energy bank!

Best tamales, beans and rice ever!! Also love their enchiladas,Chile rellenos-enchilada style, and tacos:)

Beautiful location.  Very slow food service.  Food was nothing to write home about.  The most troubling part was the billing.  Two people in our group paid using the same company's credit card.  When I checked my credit card account on line the following day, I was charged for 2 meals which actually should have been charged to another person.  Corresponding with the other card holder, I found out he was not charged for any meals. In addition, I was charged for an item I never ordered or received.

For a while they were known as the go to place for Chinese BBQ. Now I wonder how they stay in business. With crooked practices, you have to watch them carefully.On a few occasions, my family and I have been cheated by them. They have calculated our bill wrong. Then there are the times that they have taken a duck leg when we ordered a whole bird to take home. A one legged duck is not a common sight, so I do not know how they thought they could get away with it. My dad did not let this slide and raised hell. They of course apologized, but the next time another part was missing. The food is nothing special compared to the prices they charge. Go upstairs to Capital Seafood or go down the street to Cafe Noodle. If you like Chinese BBQ go to the take out restaurant connected to the International Marketplace. They are a fraction of the price and do not try to pull the wool over their customers.

Terrible service,  wings are not good and the girls aren't even that hot. Would highly recommend not coming here. I personally will never come back

I am not normally a huge fan of Denny's but, they gave me FREE BREAKFAST YESTERDAY!

As far as Madison's Mexican food scene, this place is pretty good. The salsa and chips were unremarkable but the Anasazi burrito I ordered was tasty (certainly a step up from the La Bambas and Taco Bells of the world). My main complaint would be the price, which was a little excessive. They have more options than a chipotle, but the burrito was fairly similar to Chipotle quality, except that it cost basically two dollars more. I'm not sure the extra money is worth it if you're just going to order a dry burrito.

Yum. Love Schlotzskys.  This location was good.  Clean, quiet, and prompt service.  No complaints.

Wish I could leave no stars waited 25 minutes for waitress Cindy to take our orders. Never happened? She Helped everyone beside our table. Rude service never returning.

It's the only possible explanation for this place.Why would anyone spend ten minutes looking for a parking spot a half mile away, stand in line for forty-five minutes among a gaggle of droopy-eyed young people whose faces are wearing the previous night's story, only to have the effort rewarded with extremely slow service and mediocre food?I think it's called "misery loves company."Well I'm pretty miserable most mornings, but I don't feel the need to make my miserable worse by standing in a line gawking at others equally as miserable, eating food that's miserable, and becoming even more miserable after my server, who I think may be related to David Copperfield, mysteriously vanishes, only to reappear with a smile and a check. Here's a tip Breakfast Club. Hangovers require water.Lots and lots of water.

I love Cheba Hut and always will. So many good toasted sandwiches... My favorites are the Spicy Widow (White Widow with the Jamaican Red meat), Afghani and The Kind, but there are so many more to choose from!Something about the bread or the toasting... these sandwiches are so damn delicious.

Great place to enjoy your afternoon after work. I used to go all the time then they changed the calamari from giant legit ones to tiny pieces of breading so I stopped going. I probably won't go back till they change that back. Other than that, the place has great food!

I just went to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine.And I must say that I haven't ate Dim Sum in 6 months since I came to America as an exchange student. And I LOVE the food.I feel like I'm back home in Hong Kong when I'm in this Restaurant. The Service is good and fast like in Hong Kong.So it's definitely a 5 Star Restaurant

Ellis is a true locals favorite. They make their own craft beer priced at $2 for 20 ounces or half price during football. They offer the best barbecue in town s d at the best price in town. Love the Karaoke bar open 7 days a week with KJ Charlie and KJ Lucy. You never know who will show up. Always a great spot did a great time.

La Playita is fantastic!  The food and service can't be beat.  If you like Mexican seafood dishes, this is the place to be in Vegas!

Amazing customer service.  I got the teriyaki chicken w/rice lunch special.  They had it ready for me to pickup in 15 minutes.  It was great and high quality.  I'll definitely be returning.

Service, fantastic.  WE LOVE JULIA!burgers - great.  i had a classic american, not dry, not greasy, a good mixbar - by far the winning move here is the beer selection.  they have everything.  high end, low end, european, local, etc.  I had boddingtons on tap 1 visit.  the other visits were chimay.

really good food at a reasonable pricethe bread and corn muffins with butter were a great start to the mealordered sophie's chopped salad. had beans and a tasty dressingthe only vegetarian entree was the chili rellenowas crusted in cornmeal and you can taste all the spices that went into it including ground corianderthe fresh corn tamale was soso. nothing specialthe sticky coffee pudding and the coconut cake were both very very goodall in all a great experience!

Here's the deal- As far as food goes, this place deserves 5 stars, its inventive, fresh, Mexican food and always amazing. The location is great and I would love to frequent it. However, the owner Azucena Tovar always comes off as a little ambivalent about her clientel, and I just can't get over it. We eat out a lot. My expectation and hope is an evening with great company, food, and service. Great company I can handle, great food Los Sombreros has covered...but the service makes me wince. The owner is the first person to greet you at the door and she is abrasive and has been rude (kinda sets the tone, it's her place after all). Not once, not twice, but several times. I try and support businesses that value and appreciate their clients, especially in this financial climate. So my compromise is take-out. We only (rarely) order take-out and on the condition my husband picks it up so I dont have to be reminded why we no longer eat there. Christmas tamales are to die for.

You need to be drunk to enjoy this place. The servers should consider covering up their cleaveges as with an average age of above 40 it doesn't look too attractive. The place is dark and their loud band was annoying in my subjective opinion. The food is mediocre at best and definitely is NOT good value for money for Las Vegas. It should be twice cheaper to be somewhat competive. I am not coming back and won't recommend it to anyone.

The first thing we started to notice was just how slow these people were.  Even when we explained to the waiter that things seemed like they are taking a long time it didn't get much better.  This is nothing more than an over-priced seafood joint.  I had the scallops which amounted to what looked like 3 half-dollar scallops in some sort of sauce that was sour.  Three bites later and your meal is gone.  Overall the portions were very small and I actually left hungry even after having desert.  This place is all flash and no punch.  Go elsewhere.

Whenever my extended family stays at the Wynn (more than I'd like to admit...), we always enjoy a meal at Red 8. The Asian food here is really yummy and it's fun to look out the "window" into the Wynn casino.Last time, I enjoyed one of the most delicious cocktails I'd ever tasted. I ordered fresh watermelon juice with vodka and it was SO good!!! I always fill up on the family-style Asian food too and then head into the Casino to work off the food ;)Red 8 is accommodating for young children and not as expensive as one would expect of a restaurant in the Wynn.

Red 8 is an amazing authentic Chinese restaurant with great ambiance. My husband and I stay at the Wynn 2-3 times per year and always have a meal at Red 8 when we are in town. Great service, extensive menu, late hours...I would recommend you check it out!

Great place to eat! The only thing that keeps this a four star review is that our waiter is never around. We were seated at the patio (nice outdoor area overlooking the entrance of the mall) and after putting down our menus he didn't return. Eventually one of the hostess took our order for us. Our food eventually came but we were not given any utensils, and our water was not refilled throughout our meal. That aside, the food is very delicious and reasonably priced. I love their pasta and they have cheap pasta options or nicer seafood pasta options. I'm a big fan of cheese so the I love the meal here. Arguably better than the buffet options on the strip which costs too much!

Lunch buffet...poor tasting food.. they tried to cover the taste w spiciness.. would not recommend

I should know better than to go to a place with bad Yelp reviews.  Lesson learned.  I thought that a diner couldn't mess up a basic egg breakfast, but they did.  Service was slow to nonexistent, while people that worked there stood around and talked to each other.  Poached eggs came with the yolk broken and running in the poaching water.  I had to explain to my waiter for 5 minutes why I needed new eggs.  How do you mess up poached eggs?!?  And why would you serve me poached eggs with the yolk running all over?!?  Ah!!!  FML!  Even the bacon and hash browns weren't good.  Heed my warning - don't do it.  I took the bullet so you don't have to.

I thought it was good not outstanding and not bad...the steak was done to a perfect med rare and my wife's was done to her liking... We both in joyed it but it was a little pricey...

WHOA! HOW DO I FINISH THIS FOOD???? There is absolutely no way any one human being can finish an entire plate of food from this place! I ordered the swiss and mushroom burger and it lasted me for three meals. THREE! I ate it for lunch, leftovers for dinner, and then leftovers AGAIN for lunch today! The prices are very reasonable for such mountainous portions. I am nervous to return now learning about this insanity. We came on a whim and we will be returning. Our server was absolutely sweet and very attentive to our needs. I have heard some complaints about the place from friends after telling them where we had lunch, however we didn't have any problems. My burger was juicy and well cooked. The mushrooms and swiss did not disappoint. The bun was quite soft and fluffy. I am commenting on the bun because I usually toss those to the side as I devour the real meal. A lot of place's buns can be quite dry or plain. I can't wait to return and hopefully be blown away again! I will definitely be splitting my plate with a friend next time!

I'm sure Arizona Pizza Company is a great place to stop and have a beer with your friends, there is plenty of TV's to watch in addition to do some off track betting. I didn't know this was a sports bar never mind that it had off track betting. The last time I was here (many years ago) it was a pizza place. Families were there with kids so I was suprised to see it had changed. That being said we didn't go there for the noisy bar, to watch sports on TV or off track betting we there to have a late lunch and we wanted pizza. Since we were already there and didn't want to go looking for anoother place to eat, we stayed. Each of us (my wife- Carol, our friend Kathy R. and me) all ordered a personal pizza. Kathy R. & my wife ordered a pepperoni & sausage personal pizza. I ordered the Meat lovers pizza (pepperoni, sauage, & meatball) Kathy & I also got a side salad. It seems I must be a lot more picky than my wife and Kathy. They both enjoyed their pizza and said it was very good. Now the last time I had a wood fired pizza it was at the Colorado Belle (Laughlin, NV ) in The Boiler pub and it was   Absolutely delicious!! so I was excited to try the pizza here because they advertised wood fired pizzas. My pizza crust was thin and crispy with some burnt edges, it looked great. Pizza is Pizza right?  WRONG, I left feeling like I could have done better elsewhere.FOOD: The pizza was NOT that impressive. Overall the pizza lacked flavor. It was rather bland. A real disappointment considering it was wood fired pizza. PRICE: Decently priced. You will not find these prices for the quality anywhere. SERVICE: The service was okay. Our waitress was nice and attentive but she did not introduce herself, .  CONCLUSION:  The restaurant is not well suited for families. It is a noisy sports bar with off track betting.  I wasn't that impressed.

It was good.But the menu was very limited, and while I can appreciate a small menu... this one just didn't have much that I was interested in.So I ended up ordering the bacon sandwich, which was delicious... but.  It's just not my cup o tea.I looked over the menu... then looked over it some more.... and it was one of the first times I thought "meh" ....Usually at a restaurant I want to order like 5 different things because I get so excited.So I was pretty disappointed that I didn't see one thing that I thought sounded exciting.I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, no no.

They have an amazing happy hour.  Try the grown up peach iced tea, a baguette, and the rice bowl (with our without chicken).  Love the building they transformed as well!

Always a fan of this restaurant chain and will continue as a customer. Went to this location at 9:40pm on Jan 3rd for a Chicken Salad and I guess the cashier, Jessica wasn't too pleased to have customers so close to closing. Very unpleasant personality, ... even when we tried being overly friendly ... but everyone else was very nice. Food was great as usual.

Hooray for Envy!We hit Envy after a long day of many pineapple mojitos & shots, and no food at the pool. Generally this combo would put me straight to bed, but on this particular night I rallied, and thank goodness I did!With the four of us piled into a 1998 Camry (only the classiest while staying at the Wynn) we rolled up to the Envy for what is has become one of the more memorable dinners I've done in recent times. We started with the chilled seafood platter for 2 - try for 6. We had a tough time finishing this but somehow we managed.  Somewhere in there a salad with some goat cheese was passed around. So rich, it should have been dessert. My husband and I shared the bone-in filet while our partners in crime both had petite filets. The bone-in was ah-ma-zing. Juicy, perfectly cooked... I am drooling thinking about it. The creamed corn was a perfect side for this meal. We did wine, we did dessert, and we did espresso. We also did a $75 restaurants.com gift certificate and I made it through the meal without passing out. Winner-Winner-Winner!

We dropped in here last Saturday with high expectations after the rave reviews of friends. Being both big seafood fans and also believers in food-as-sport, we thought we'd found our restaurant utopia.Boy, were we wrong.The shrimp was bland, the sauce was not spicy, and the sides that we ordered never came. Either we came at an off time, or this place is WAAAAAAAAAY over-hyped.

This place is decent, but nothing to rave about.  I have to agree with one of the other reviewers that comments on the poor taste of people in North Las Vegas.  How you can give this place anything over 4 stars is just beyond silly.  The great thing about this place is that it fills a niche that is totally unfilled in the area.  The food is generally decent, even if a little over priced.  The portions are generous depending on what you get.  Be sure to order extra tzatziki sauce for your gyro, as they are very stingy with it here.  The most disappointing part of this place is the atmosphere.  From the outside, it looked like a very nice, perhaps even romantic atmosphere, akin to Macaroni Grill or even the Olive Garden.  The minute I walked in, all of those expectations were crushed.  The environment is much more laid back and cheap than what it seems from the outside. It has an almost fast food feel.  The best thing that I can compare it to is Fazoli's Italian fast food chain for those of you that have been there. At any rate, it's a decent place, but certainly not anything above average.

I came here for the first time earlier tonight after a long day of rehearsals.  (Yeah, it's taken me *this* long to check this place out!)  I was sober and very hungry and thus, enjoyed my Hawaiian sandwich very very much.  I thought that: 1) there was a lot of ham and chicken in my sandwich2) the bread had that 'just baked' feel - crispy/crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside3) the sauce was tangy and oh-so-good!I felt like I ate a Hawaiian pizza!  YUM.  I also thought my accompanying chocolate chip cookie was delicious.  (I bought a country apple muffin for my hubby and he *just* devoured it, pronouncing the muffin as "hey, that was really good!.")One of the more affordable options on the Strip and dang, why is there only one location in Vegas, let alone NV?  If you're ever around Planet Hollywood and want a cheapish bite, visit EoS!

We went here one afternoon about two weeks ago for lunch. We ordered the thin crust pizza, half cheese half pepperoni and a white pizza as well. They were both AWESOME!!! The cheese was the kind that just stretches off the slice. The flavor of the sauce and crust was Terrific! Sauce had a wonderful texture and garlic taste. The white pizza was light and fresh spinach with artichoke and drizzled with olive oil and cheese. Oh and how could I forget to mention the ravioli rolls? OMG! Soooo good!     WE ORDERD TAKE OUT FROM HERE A FEW DAYS AGO.  It was piping HOT when my husband got it home! Still just as good as eating in. Our server was great. Never an empty glass. The manager/owner was very nice too. We will definitely tell our friends that come to town about this place! Can't wait to go back!

The best thing about this place is the service. When I came here with my family, there were like, five waiters orbiting our table at all times--but in a (skillfully) unobtrusive way. The food is not outstanding, but it's solid. They bring out a basket of raw vegetables before the entrees, which may sound like no big deal, but the fresh veggies tasted sooo good after a couple days of Vegas buffets.The problem with this place is...well...it's sorta stinky. We sat in this cute little cove by a window, and the entire time the stale, faint aroma of ASS lingered in the air. What's worse, the bathrooms (literally) smelled like shit. They have a hold-your-breath-or-you-will-ingest-poop-particles bathroom. A pity.

After only two trips this place has won my first five star review as a yelper.  My first trip I was trying to keep it healthy and I built my own salad with a perfectly cooked Buffalo burger on top.  This was a first for me and I highly recomend it for anyone out their who knows they should order a burger(you are at a freakin burger bar) but you just cannot afford the carbs.My second trip I gave in and ordered the Mama Ricotta's burger cooked medium on wheat(highly touted by my roommate).  This burger comes with fresh mottzerella, tomato, and housemade pesto   and is quite possibly the best burger I have ever had.  I also had the special side of the day which was their Mac-n-cheese with a spoonful of chilli on top.  I was only able to eat three bites of the side but I knew it was something I could enjoy later.If you want the best and greasiest buger you have ever had, it can be found here!

This place is a VAST distance from my house. Fortunately, I was in the area on business, met the wife and went here for lunch based on the positive Yelp reviews and the fact that she'd been here before and really liked it. GOD I'm glad I did. The first thing that hit me was the smell as we walked in - amazing. I've been to a lot of Indian buffets; this one SMELLED the best. So far, so good. Found our table but as usual with any given buffet, arse didn't hit the chair before I was schlopping food onto my plate. Dhal, channa, chicken curry, aloo gobhi, chicken tikka masala (out when I was at the buffet, but they filled it up pretty quick after), meat and pea samosas, potato pakoras, and a giant laundry-basket-sized rice cooker to scoop from. Flung a few ribbons of raita Jackson Pollock-like (or Ron Jeremy-like, depending on your aesthetic sensibilities) across the heaped plate and back to the table to dine. Out came some garlic naan (better than regular naan!) which was thin and fresh. Making good on the promise of the initial smell, the food was VERY flavorful. Best buffet I've been to. The chicken curry was actually SPICY, not dumbed down. Why the hell does this place have to be ~40 miles from my house? One thing's for sure, I'll be back. Maybe not for a while, but still - Indian Paradise rocketed to #1 on my Indian restaurant list after the first mouthful and I'm pretty sure the same will be the case for any Indian food aficionado that tries it. Word of warning - it may be too much of a punch in the mouth for newcomers to the cuisine - if that's you, I suggest getting your feet wet at Bombay Spice (Tatum and Shea) first before trying this joint. Came out with my gut looking like an alien was going to bust out of it and my tastebuds feeling as though they'd gone around the LHC a few billion times. Hands down five out of five.

Hi Guys !!  I thought I was the only one putting a 1 Star on this joint, not Reataurant I said Joint .... well, the sushi well it was uhmm , not that good.. the salad it was ok but the rest I don't know how to say it but not that Good . It's a Desert Sushi Japanese kinda food. One of the owners there I guess she stands to greet the people coming in. I was like what even my wife said what the !! That lady has a see through blouse and no bra !!! I was, are we in the right place ??? Is this a Retaurant or a Strip joint ?? very wierd ....  this is what we saw ... we really had second thought's of not coming back!  This place should be Ichi Banned  !!

Ever since St. Patty's weekend, I've started waking up early to grab brunch. At first, it was more to fill up my stomach after a heavy night of drinking, but lately, it's become more of a goal to try out more brunch places.Because Madison has such amazing brunch, it's really hard for me to crown a favorite. However, if I were to ever pick a favorite, I might have to go with Bradbury's.Bradbury's is a cozy little joint right off of the corner of the Capitol on N. Hamilton St.The place is small, so seating can get crowded. Sharing tables with other people is encouraged, and you can meet some really awesome people, like a hungover me :pAnyways, I got a cup of pourover coffee and their nutella banana almond crepe. I went with their medium roast, which immediately warmed (and woke) me up on a cold morning. The coffee was brewed perfectly, and the taste was smooth and earthy. I was enjoying my coffee so much that I almost completely forgot about my crepe.Good thing my stomach reminded me, and I started digging into my meal. The crepe was folded over itself beautifully, with nutella spread out artfully on top. It was accompanied by a dollop of whip cream and bits of powdered sugar. The first bite of the crepe might have been one of the happiest moments of my life. Having been to France and having sampled countless of crepes, I could confidently say Bradbury's makes some of the best crepes out there. The crepe was soft and thin, which most crepes should be, but still firm enough to hold all of its fruits without falling apart, which most crepes fail at. The warmed up pieces of banana clung to the crepe like honey, and really meshed well with the texture and taste. There wasn't too much nutella, which most of the time would be a bad thing, but in this case, kept the meal light and fluffy. Speaking of fluffy, the whip cream was definitely the icing on the cake, providing that extra level of sweetness.

This place while quiet... was loud! Loud with flavor. Our waiter, Jason.. was THE cutest thing evah! He was so extremely helpful with all of our questions. We had sushi, sashimi, deeelish black pepper edamame. A "tad" spendy, but I would eat there again and again. For the food and the service! Thanks!!

Why was I charged $12 for a bowl of soup at lunch time even if there is it 1 dollar sign for affordability? It was great soup,  but I haven't back since.

Amazing Service! Staff is so nice and very friendly. Attentive as well. My brother was in town for the day and was looking for a bit of Asiain flare and I had remembered going to this place one time before based on the reviews. My brother had the Veggie Curry and loved every bite of it. It had great flavor and the veggies were not mushy like they can get in some not so good curries. I had the chicken pho, add a bit of hots and was good to go. We also had 2 apps, the veggie spring rolls and the chicken satay. The satay was a bit over done, but the owner popped by the table to tell us that and that she would take that off of the bill without us even saying anything. I will be dining here again!

Love this place. Awesome service!  Food is amazing. Employees are awesome. Every birthday or event I always come here. The menu has such a wide variety. They offer a rewards program and you can call ahead and tell them you will be there soon and they will hold a table. Also I come here for the pazooki :)

LOVE the shawarma here. Food is great. Lunch times are always busy - but the line moves fast enough that you can't get too upset. Great for on the go lunches when you need to get back to the office.

Not quite the original, but almost.  As the name suggests, the original Dilallo burger was started by Papa Luigi Dilalo back in 1929, but it didn't get started in this exact location.  They had to move down the block in 1967 to make way for the Metro.  So the structure is 1960s vintage, and the interior is 1980s vintage.  Still, this is one of Montreal's great shrines.  Dilallo isn't the only Montreal establishment that's festooned its walls with tributes to the Habs and the Als, but how many places can you name that also celebrate Mario "Le Magnifique" Lemieux and Maurice "Mad Dog" Vachon, as well as Hank "Tony Angelo" Pardi and the infamous 1973-4 Ville-Émard Pussycats?  And they've been making one of Montreal's wickedest burgers for over 80 years now.  My favorite is the Buck Burger, with capicolla and hot peppers.  The price has gone up a little since they first named it, but it's still just as unique as ever.

I really wanted to like Cafe Monte...some of my friends just rave about it.  On a recent trip for Saturday brunch, however, my omelet my was nothing short of tasteless.  My friend wasn't impressed with her meal either.  I may try it again, but only not for brunch.

If meat is what you like, then this is the place. We had reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived. The side are buffet style and very good. They had servers walking around with large skewers of meat that stopped at your table whenever you had the green button face up. All of the meats were excellent. The service was great.

Montpeiliers is ... fine.  It's A-OK.  It doesn't have any specific charm, it  serves edible food, it has reasonably standard drinks, and it's a bit over priced.  But, it's near where I work, and it serves drinks.  Every time I come here I wonder, do the clientele just come here because it's convenient?  Because it has outside seating and heat lamps?  Quite possibly.  That's certainly why I frequent it.  It just feels so soulless.  It surely must be part of a chain because there is absolutely nothing unique about it.  But, at the end of the day, you know you will get a reasonable meal, a reasonable drink, with reasonable service, and the toilets will be clean.  A-OK.

About a year ago, I saw this place advertised in a paper.  Went there and it scared us off.  Fast forward today, and were very pleased.  While no atmosphere whatsoever, the food is made fresh.  My hubby loved the chana masala and I dug the chicken tandoori.  We ordered some naan and it came fresh out of their oven.  This place rivels our fave Pakistani place in San Francisco!  We'll definitely go again.

I love the food at Café Rio. It's always consistent and the same as every single restaurant. I had every one of their daily specials and they're all delicious. Just one concern with the Centennial location they're not always on top of their to go orders. So if you get to go make sure you check to see that every single thing you ordered is right

Peer Off The Pier My DearBy The RueSatruday night stopped at Pier Fifty Four, This is a place I'd never been before, The second I pulled up I knew I had scored,Live acoustic music didn't bore,I'm going to come by here a lot more,Really was hoping to check out some slores,I guess this night it just wasn't in store,I wonder if it's because I'm poor,My friends wife calls me a male whore,Even though all the stories are just folk lore,After hiking Usery Mountain my legs were sore,This place sits on the lake shore,I like to mine for gold not ore,I cut some serious rug on the dance floor,Not as good looking as the God Thor,My kiss will rock you to your core,I'll steal your underwear from your drawer,After the 3rd orgasm you'll yell "FORE"!Back Door!!

This place is great !I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and when it came the neighboring table was drooling.  The tuna was seared perfectly, topped w/ sesame seeds and was so fresh !  I also had a tip from a good buddy of mine to try the frozen hot chocolate dessert.  Got the large cup and split it w/ my homeboy.Heads up - its $14 and good, but way too sweet for my taste.  I like my sweets but good lord , you have to be a super sweet tooth to really enjoy the frozen hot chocolate drink ~  I definitely will come back here the next time I am in Vegas, but pass on dessert ^_^.

I absolutely LOVE indian food. Majority of the food was spicy - but SOO good. Butter chicken is always a good one though. Plating size is very worth it - I can never finish all the food. Somosa's - yum! I believe I paid $11 - very good price for what I had. This is more of a place for quick eating. It's decor is not fantastic and the organization of tables is a little messy. But I'm here for food - so I don't really mind.

The Three Sisters is a large pub situated on the end of the Cowgate which can accommodate a variety of social functions.  I has an upstairs room in which live music and comedy shows are held, a small dance-floor downstairs and a courtyard which acts as a smoking area as well as a beer garden in summer.  Further, large screens are used for showing big sporting events which usually attract large crowds.  Depending on what one wants out of a Saturday night out The Three Sisters may or may not be the ideal venue to begin or spend it in.  It is often used as the site of Stag and Hen parties and, therefore, if your looking for a quiet drink and catchup with your friends this probably isn't the place.  On the other hand, if your feeling young and wild this is an ideal place to start the night as its lively, drinks are reasonably priced and service is sufficient for coping with the numbers who flock to its bars on Friday and Saturday nights.  I've been to The Three Sisters several times and always enjoyed myself, however, the atmosphere isn't quite as bustling or friendly as I'd like it to be.

Was greeted and seated promptly.Didn't know dim sum was served here, so we were pleasantly surprised to see the dim sum on wheel carts while following the hostess to our table.  (Today is Sunday, so I am not sure if dim sum is available on just Sundays, on both Saturday and Sunday, or every day).The staff is very attentive and friendly.  The suggestions our waitress recommended were on point.  Well, except for the papaya salad, which lacked the kick that most papaya salads have.  Barely tasted the fish sauce or lime in it.   Loved the sea bass, the marinated fried squid.  If you're in the Aria and you're craving Asian / Thai'ish (yes, I said "ish") food, Lemongrass is definitely worth checking out.  Pricing is also reasonable.  My party of 3 ate 4 selections of dim sum, sea bass, marinated fried squid, papaya salad, brown rice, and we also drank 2 Thai teas and 1 fresh-cocunut juice for a total of $103 pre-tip.  More importantly, we were FULL AND SATISFIED.  Worth coming back to try out more of what their menu offers.

New Years Eve fixed menu was a complete failure. First course was frozen, literally. We sent a couple plates back only to receive the same ice cold food. The veal was inedible. It was so tough that it was impossible to cut with a knife. We passed the plates around to all the guys as a challenge. It was the last course and most of us were done with the entire experience. A couple of friends paid extra for the sommelier wine flight only to find out later that he called in sick. The waiter, as qualified as he may have been, picked the pairings.Our friends, who recommended the restaurant, apologized the entire night while swearing up and down that they usually receive great food. Unfortunately, I will never find out. What hurts the most is that the staff seemed completely uninterested in trying to make up for their failures. No comps; they charged us the full amount, including for some items we didn't order. While most of us (party of 8) felt a rumble in our stomachs after we left, only one guy was physically sick later on. I can think of 10 better ways to throw away $300.

Great!  Finally find one the whole family would like to go!Though it is a bit further away from the strip, it is worth the extra 5-8 minutes drive

came her on saturday night around 9pm and the place was not packed which is a define plus especially after working a full day at the phoenix comic con, the last thing i want to do is wait for a table.  Got seated immediate by our server, she was extremely nice and provided great recommendations.I ordered the el diablo burger, the nutella milk shake and the truffle fries. The fries were good but a little soggy, not sure if it was the truffle oil that made it soggy.  Nutella milk shake had a good mix of chocolate, hazelnut and toffee flavor, only suggestion would be that they provide a bigger straw becuase the toffee bits clog up the thin straws.  Ordered my burger medium, came out nice and hot and cooked perfectly.  Probably could have had a second burger but didnt want to be a pig.

This place is like a McDonalds for adults, everything is just that little bit more grown up I guess is the best way to describe the place. You can get your burger, fries with a beer. The beer is from the West brewery rather than some standard fosters or tennants malarky, so thumbs up from me on that note.The restaurant is comfortable enough with some booths, high tables and regular seating. Nothing too complicated and from the asthetics its nice enough, but it is a burger joint so on to the food....I guess the bad bit first the Onion rings ewww!! These were swimming in grease and pretty much inedible. I definately would steer clear of these even after a few beers I couldnt imagine them being appealing.Now one of my favourite items on the menu the cajun fires. The spice mix on these bad boys is amazing!! I dont even like chips/fries, but these are something else. The portion size has decreased, but I actually view that as a good thing because I struggled to finish them last time. To accompany this I grabbed some of the slaw. This stuff was great really fresh tasting and a great accompanyment to the fries.The beer is served in a plastic glass which is fine I guess, but I would rather of had a proper glass. This point had me hovering between 3 and a 4 star rating. The beer was kept well and had the distinctive west flavour. Now onto why we come back here drunk and sober, the burgers. The Missus went for a grilled haloumi burger with blue cheese, jalapenos, and cajun spice.Yep cheese on cheese I am assured it was well good. Myself I went for double cheese burger with all sorts added on, check my photos.The toppings for burgers are done in 2 teirs of costing - free or 50p. Make sure you grab the cajun spice on whatever you order. ;DAll in good service, great burgers and you can get a pint with it. Thumbs up from me I will definately be back at the point I need some good fast food.

I know it would be wrongheaded to expect a great burrito from a bar and maybe I should not have ordered it.  The burrito was not good.  It was more of a vegetable wrap.  My date didn't take the burrito detour and ordered a wrap directly.  It was a lonely little thing in a plastic basket.  She described it as "good, not great."  But these facts alone do not earn this restaurants two stars.  Mortimer's gets this rating because they served dinner, on a Friday night, with plastic silverware.  No points awarded for how amazingly close an approximation to real, shiny silverware these plastic forks and knives provided.  The food quality, the cramped quarters, and yes, the plastic silverware all gave me the impression that I was dining on an airplane.

living in norcal, cici's commercials used to always come on the tv there.  i remember thinking wowie, all you can eat pizza for 5 doll hairs, thats soooooo coooooool.  then i discovered that there were none near where i lived, so i got ready to walk across the freeway because there was no way i could live without cici's.fortunately, i another idea popped in my head and said hey, don't kill yourself, just go to a cici's next time you're out of town.  i said ok.  when i went to vegas, another friend had the same exact incident, so we decided to go.  boy, talk about mediocre.  what can you really expect for 4 doll hairs.the staff was very friendly, and they kept the pizzas coming out.  a good variety to choose from, but it was just average at best.  nothing spectacular.  again, i wasn't expecting much for 4 bucks.  i'm not trashing it, but i wouldn't go out of my way for it either.

I hadn't been in here since it changed from Teakwoods to Tavern Grille. Layout hadn't changed much but there did seem to be more TVs. They still do the peanuts on the floor thing. They added a smoking patio off the front.  I ordered one of the specials of the day, Sloppy Joe Mac. It was good although really rich. Service was good and friendly.

Unbelievable service and the best italian I've had in Vegas!!The staff was so friendly and catering. The food was fantastic. I had the special white pizza and a chicken salad... Pretty basic huh, but it truly stood out from any other pizza or chicken salad a have ever hadAfter speaking with the staff I was informed that everything is freshly made in-house on premisses and nothing is frozen. You can really taste the difference here. I can't wait to come back and try the Philly cheese steak.

I'm a big fan. They are super nice there an definitely make you feel welcome!  I got the chicken fried rice and I will tell you, it was the best I've ever had hands down. So good and fresh. If I wasn't so full I would have gotten more. Their edamame was super big and fresh as well and I wasn't sure I could finish it. Of course I did. The whole office loved their food and we will definitely be ordering there again

love this place! love the people! hope it stays there for a long long time...

Wow, this is a good sandwich!  Everything tasted so fresh, and the sandwiches were expertly assembled.  Though I think the bread (which is made there in the store) really makes the sandwich, I am also a fan of the good quality meats they use.  The staff was helpful, friendly, and patient with me as an indecisive first timer.  Great location on Market Square.  Wish I had one of these back home!

Great, attentive service. Clean restaurant. A little hole-in-the-wall type place. Got free chicken potato soup and free lentil soup to start with, both of which were great, but we're boiling hot when they came out (better than being cold). I had the chicken and ground beef kabob combo, which comes with rice and pita bread, as well as sliced tomatoes and onion on the side. My boyfriend has the chicken kabob platter. Good portions for the price. 20% off one entree or sandwich when you check in on Yelp or foursquare.

Food is going down the tubes fast.  What a way to kill a restaurant!!!  BREAD CHARGE!!!!  REALLY??????????????

Not gonna lie, This place deserves the 4.5 stars that it has on Yelp. This place is excellent if you're tired of the same old junk in Vegas. Buldogis has excellent service in terms of the kindness of the chefs and cashiers, they really know how to make you feel welcomed. The food here is really unique, its not something you'd be able to find just anywhere. Words themselves cannot describe the taste of Buldogis, so I recommend anyone to just come at least once to try it out. Whether you like Asian food or American food, it's an excellent blend of both!

Great chicken kabob and shawarma! Great lunch place if you're by downtown. They are always friendly.

The combination fried rice was amazing.....three roll combo for $25...all in all a really great meal for the price.  Rolls could be a little bigger, but the quality and taste makes up for it. The restaurant was clean and the staff friendly, although the service was a bit slow. Overall I really liked the place and will definately be back.

You've GOT to try the ribs!!! That's what my parents kept telling me when we sat down.For a restaurant located at a Zoo, this place has the market on KC BBQ in Arizona.Their menu is huge, the portions are huge and the prices are about average.I personally ordered the taco salad (because of the shell) and my parents both ordered the full rack of ribs, cajun style. They don't eat a lot and both managed to finish their ribs in one sitting. I helped by eating two, but really that didn't do a whole lot.Both were served with your choice of two sides and a roll and both were FANTASTIC!I would HIGHLY recommend both the restaurant & the Zoo. Best ever!

Okay, right off the bat I need to state that I am a Goin-Out-TO-Breakfast fiend. It is my favorite meal to eat out. It's simple. It's relaxing. It's friendly. It's a uncomplicated. A good breakfast joint still offers value, a sense of community and belly full of warm yummy goodness.I learned to appreciate the beauty of a great breakfast joint at a place called the Red Hill Coffee Shop in Rancho Cucamonga Ca. Side note; It used to be just Cucamonga but then the powers that be got together and decided that tacking a Rancho on the front made it sound less looney tunish...... Nice try. So Red Hill Coffee Shop is the breakfast that all breakfast joints are judged by in my little world. And one of the things, among many, that place it on that oh so lofty pedestal are the hashbrowns.Their hashbrowns are the shredded variety. Wonderfully crispy and brown on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Each bite giving you that beautiful contrast of textures and when you get a little bit of the egg or syrup in that bite an added dimension of flavor. Another thing that makes the hashbrowns at RHCS so noteworthy; they don't hold back on the portion.And that brings me to the point of this 2 star review. I live right around the corner from the S Buffalo location of Baby Stacks. I've seen the yelp and other reviews that have praised this place. I've noticed that it's fairly busy. But in Vegas I always take user reviews with a grain of salt. And that grain of salt gets bigger the closer you get to Summerlin. After all, this is the town in which the readers of the RJ consistently name PF Chang's the best Chinese restaurant (?). So I stopped by BS this morning and ordered a side of hashbrowns to go. I didn't have time to sit down and eat a full breakfast. I figured a side of hashbrowns would be a good bell-weather for me. And I have to say it was. You ever go to a Denny's, which I haven't done in 20 years, and when the food comes you look at the hashbrowns and think, "Really?"?  Well in the case of the hashbrowns I got at BS this morning "Really?" would have been a stretch. It was a $3.18 smidgen of fried shredded potatoes. My 16 y/o called them an "epic fail". I'm not usually an overly anal person. Obviously I love my hashbrowns but I felt I needed to quantify the ridiculousness of this order of hashbrowns, so I weighed them. With the togo container they weighed in at an anemic 2 oz. $3 for 2 oz of hashbrowns? Really? That's $24 a pound. This review has gone on way too long already to get into the millions of prepared foods that I can get for less than $24 a pound.BS, I'm sure all your food is as wonderful as your many customers point out. I think it's great that you are a mom and pop business making a go of it. That in and of itself is praiseworthy. But come on, potatoes are cheap. The griddle is always running. It takes little effort to keep the hashbrowns flowing and plentiful. They are a low overhead item that makes people say to their friends, "Great breakfast joint, and you should see the hashbrowns."Long after the trendy red velvet thing has passed, people will still love going out to breakfast.

A great cali-mex type of joint. Exactly like Roberto's but better service. Always a great tasting meal with a smile. Reminds me of a local hole in the wall place after catching some tasty waves.

Ok, about a month ago I came across a picture of a new food truck posted by Local Foodnik Joel LaTondress, known to the Phoenix food community and the twitterverse as @AZHotdish.  Not often does a simple picture cause so much commotion, but since the snapshot in question was of a food truck focused on Northeastern seaside cuisine namely Lobster rolls and other such briny delicacies, foodies began buzzing, posting queries clamoring for further details.  Further information about where to find this culinary treasure or whether it actually existed was thin and the discussion seemed to end.A quick check of the URL www.mainelobsterlady.com got me a contact number to call which led to a rather pleasant conversation and information as to scheduled appearances.  Today, after almost a month of waiting, I went into stealth mode to get into the Arabian Horse Show (who cares about the horses when there's lobster to eat?) and get myself a lobster roll.The Maine Lobster Lady operates out of a very tidy, well equipped trailer.  As you approach you can almost smell the salt air and then theres the menu... Two different styles of Lobster roll, shrimp puffs and lobster chowder to name a few.  Barely able to control my glee, I ordered a tradiditonal lobster roll and an order of shrimp puffs.Served on a hot, butter grilled roll sat easily a half pound of some of the best prepared, most succulent lobster i've ever eaten.  This sandwich is the epitome of simplicity with the barest hint of lemon aioli, chunky lobster tail and claw meat and a buttery sweet roll. I cant even begin to describe how tasty this sandwich was and the $18 price was well worth it.To accompany my sandwich were an order of "shrimp puffs" ($8.50), think of hushpuppies stuffed with succulent bay shrimp, a crunchy exterior and soft, well seasoned, piping hot interior.  Oh yeah, this was just melt in your mouth delicious when dipped in creamy tartar sauce.I dont know if you have any interest in horses but if you value your tastebuds and the happiness of your belly, get out to the horse show or find the Maine Lobster Lady at one of her other events this spring and indulge, If you arent able to find her, stay tuned as I eat my way through her menu.  You may live vicariously through my culinary adventures!

I am sad to report that this restaurant seems to me to be losing ground. It never seemed a great restaurant but my first experiences involved competent wait staff that paid attention to the customers and a kitchen capable of serving customers decent food in a timely way. I posted a positive review at one point. I have been back three times since. Each time was a little worse. Service is slower. Kitchen takes more time getting food out. Wait staff loses touch with customers. In June I said never again but I was back in November. Waiter started off well. First round of drinks showed up quickly. Getting his attention for the second round was harder. He has mastered the trick of serving someone nearby, perhaps walking within a couple of feet of you and not noticing a waving hand or raised glass. We got the food we wanted but saw the wrong order delivered to one person, saw another couple not get their order and give up and saw a 40 minute delay (I think, I didn't have a stopwatch) for an entree salad. This place is convenient. Staff is very nice but there is more to a restaurant than that....

This place is incredible!  The turkey pastrami Is one of the best sandwiches ever!!!  The Mac n Cheese is delicious.  The service is excellent too!   The whole staff is over the top helpful.  We will be back!

We ordered the tuna tempora, tuna Poki roll and the big roll. The tuna rolls were delishious especially the tuna Poki!!! I think that is the best roll I've ever had.The service is outstanding and they have a tv screen showing the sushi chef creating your rolls!When we left everyone was kind and thanked us for our patronage.

Perfect place for Sunday football! They have tons of tvs playing every game. Heaven for fellow fantasy football participants. The staff was on point and the food was really good. I def recommend the chicken and waffles from their breakfast menu. The chicken tenders were cooked to perfection and the waffles were so fluffy!! All for like $9 or something. They have a pretty good Bloody Mary for $4 on their early bird drink menu as well. My friends and I had a great time here! If I lived in az, I'd def make this place a regular spot for football sundays.

I think what I got was called the cheddar melt... it was a grilled cheese sandwich with extra-interesting spiciness. Almost a little overwhelming on the seasoning for me, but I'm generally not used to any seasoning at all in my grilled cheese sandwiches. Might need to tone down the seasoning just a tad.Picked tater tots as the side, and they were good. Not too salty.

Excellent place, and a very unique eating experience! Everything we tried here - the starters, the sashimi, the rolls, the coffee-seasoned pork belly were all extremely delicious and such a strange, yet sumptuous blend of ingredients and flavors. We left the place with fully sated appetites and a conviction to eat out here every time we come back to Vegas.

Great service, tasty food.  I'm glad we finally got a good Brazilian steak house in Pittsburgh!  I've been to the other two in PGH and the food and service do not come close to comparing.  I've been to Fogo De Chao (multiple cities), Chima, and a few other Brazilian Steakhouse as I travel the county for my job and this is right up there with them in food quality and service.  I'm not sure what the other reviewers are saying about the bad service, but the service here was awesome.  They were fast and dealt extremely well with getting the meat we wanted as well as cooked to the right temperature for various likings at our table.  Simply put....I'll be back.  Can't say the same for the greenforest cafe or the palms.  btw...my wife is originally from Brazil and I've eaten at Churrascaria in Sao Paulo and Rio in addition to all the chains here in the USA, so I can confidently say this is definitely one of the better ones!

The Sichuan eggplant was not good: sweet, one-dimensional.  The sliced fish poached in oil, a great dish usually, was OK, but I did not detect any Sichuan peppercorns, and it was not spicy enough. Other dishes were between mediocre and good.Service was friendly and attentive.There are several other better Sichuan options in Montreal.

I was hoping this place would be great! Ordered the bacon wrapped dates which I probably wouldn't order again. The chicken chorizo paella was terrible. We took one bite & sent it back. Probably the worst I've ever had. Sent it back & never had a manager come to the table. Our server was nice & it was obvious that she had just come back from a smoke break. I don't have any intentions on going back.

This is our favorite sandwich place! We will always come here when we are craving a sandwich. Daniel & Nick are especially great and super friendly! They really care about customers' needs and want to make sure we get what we want. We will be returning again and again!

Pizza goes fast food, as you have to stand in line to order.  And just when you find a spot to sit, they call your name.  Despite it being fast food, the pizza is actually pretty good.  It's thin, crispy, and you pick your toppings.  The salads are great too.

Yuuuuuummmmmmmm.You know you have a damn good pizza when you compare it to one you had whilst in Rome, and your new prize wins.Lovely, friendly service, delicious appetizer, and good wine. Not to mention it has a lovely atmosphere--we walk past this place often and always paused by the windows with our noses pressed against the glasses, peering inside wistfully like children, commenting, "Doesn't that look cozy?"And indeed it was. If you're looking for some good Italian eats, give this place a shout.

AMAZING PIZZA!!!!! Love this place!!!!!!I LOVE the 800 Degrees in LA, so I was super excited to find this restaurant on the strip!All the pizza options are awesome....I especially loved the verde one, cause I'm a sucker for green sauce. The toppings are yummy and fresh.....love the capers and kalamata olives. If you like spicy pizza, DEFINITELY get the chili sauce topping! It's to die for!  I even bought a bottle of the chili sauce on my 3rd visit here. EXTRA plus......it's walking distance from Aria.....so you can get great drinks and then head to 800 Degrees for a satisfying dinner :)

Fabulous lunch...vegan burger, hummus, and raw veggies to dip.  Gorgeous & delicious.  Very reasonably priced. Owners & servers were terrific.  I'll be back!   Thanks so much for the energetic lunch ... served outside on this sunny day.

Came here on one of the pre-opening nights and the food was fabulous with great service.  Fun vibe, high energy and a great addition to Tempe. Started with antipasti; then we had the rainbow trout and Korean style ribeye cap. Very limited availability so ask for it asap.  Dessert was the bourbon black bottom pie. Yum, yum! We enjoyed plenty of wine and scotch drinks.

We just ordered nachos and a burrito for delivery (via postmates) and were very disappointed by the quality of the food. It was average at best and pretty forgettable. We won't likely return again.

