I like it here...I've only visited in the past for happy hour or drinks out with friends. Recently, both times I came late in the evening after work functions and arrived hungry. Coincidentally, both nights I was there was also salsa night. It's an interesting crowd, all ages, just gettin' their salsa on. I enjoy the music, but will sit back and let the "pros" do the dancing. They have friendly service, a few outdoor tables and a huge bar. It's a pretty lounge-y vibe. There is a decent wine/beer list, and also specialty cocktails. Both times, I tried the sushi, which was not bad at all - not comparing to a Japanese restaurant, but for a bar it was done well. The spicy one was really hot, topped with a jalepeno: nice touch. I also ordered the house salad, which was a meal in itself. Seriously it was huge! The ingredients were fresh, and with some balsamic and olive oil, it was very enjoyable. For drinks or light fare, Bossa Nova is one happening spot in the downtown area, which seems to be on the up and up!

MacAlpine's is a staple of old Phoenix. Dating back to the30's, this soda shop serviced customers of the valley since 7st was a dirt road off the beaten path. They do a great job retaining the atmosphere of an age gone by, sandwiched on both sides by antique and vintage stores. There's plenty to look at. Unfortunately I can't say the burgers (turkey or cow) were very good. Not bad, just bland and uninspired. The sodas are fun. On my first visit I tried 2 of the 99 options, including Marilyn Monroe (peach) and Tiger Blood (cherry coconut). Both were good, but next time I'm going to ask for way less syrup. All in all I'd say I would come back again and again, but probably just for dessert.

We came here last Sunday on Father's day for the brunch. Price is definitely worth it for the food, service and atmosphere. $25 for the buffet style for the cold items and $10 extra for the unlimited made to order small plates of 7 different hot items, drinks not included. The buffet had shrimp cocktail, 4 diff sushi rolls, assorted pastries, cheese, smoked salmon, smoked duck, caviar, varieties of desserts. I am not usually big fan of shrimp cocktail at buffet place, but theirs were really good and cooked perfect. A bit disappointed that they put all the large shrimps on top but the bottom ones hidden under the large ones were the small ones. The smoked salmon and smoked duck were awesome. Desserts were very pretty and decent but mostly too sweet to my taste. Sushi rolls were pretty good. We tried all the 7 hot plates to be shared among the 3 of us, the lamb was soooo delish that I had two orders of it and I don't usually even like the smell of lamb, but this didnt have the heavy smell. The waffle and pancakes were really good, except that I didn't quite enjoy the combination of the bacon bits on the waffle. I also loved the lobster mini sandwich. Polenta was yuck and the most raved egg benedict was not special. I didn't get to try the beef and mac n cheese, but hubby said the macncheese was good but beef was just average. We called ahead to let them know that it was also our anniversary and they would take note of it, but it didn't appear that any note was made. I know it's only brunch and not full dinner but would still appreciate a bit recognition on it, so I ended up asking the host if they could do something. So came an empty plate with chocolate writing saying Happy Anniversary on it and was told to get some dessert from the buffet to put on the plate. May be that's how they do it, I don't have complaint but was not exactly expecting an empty plate :) Overall, I would have no problem returning there for a casual upscale brunch.

What a find!!!  I drive by this place all the time and always mentally say "humm Jess, you should try that place" next time i am going to listen to my gut, because i was missing out! Inside is a very cute, cozy set up. everyone is super nice here. You get complimentary won ton chips and delicious Chinese tea when you get seated( this is pretty rare). The menu is large which lead us into gluttony...and people i am NOT ashamed because everything was derrrlicious :)edamame, ribs, angel puffs(crab puff), garlic steak, lemon chicken, honey walmut shrimp (catching my breath)..sake..more hot tea..and then cookies and chocolate for dessert....yummmmhonestly i eat Chinese/Asian/Thai A LOT, and this was one of the best places i have came across in my quest for  great Asian food. why not five stars then you say?? well i am a fan of windows(none here), and i just can't hand out five stars like candy. But def a high four!

Don't come for the service...don't come for the ambiance or cleanliness...don't come for the other food. Come for the pie. Jack Daniel's Pecan is divine.  Lemon cream is outstanding. Rhubarb is top-notch. there's no other reason to stop here and if you're driving by you need to stop here.  It's all about the pie.

I am use to going here for teppan (chicken, shrimp, steak) and sushi and have always had a good experience. Better than Benihana!Service and staff is friendly and helpful.This was my first time here for lunch. Prices are great. I also love that they offer half rolls on some of their sushi rolls. I got the Chicken Teriyaki w/ Shrimp Tempura, comes with rice and miso soup. It was very tasty. And it was a good amount of food for $8.50. I also got Unagi sushi, which was okay. I got to sample around at some of my friends food...Hamachi Kama which I've never had was yummy and the Uni roll (wasn't as bad as it looks:)We also got different desserts at the end, the Chocolate Tempura Ice Cream was heavy but yummy, tasted like a funnel cake with ice cream. The Chocolate Soufflé was delicious, the warm chocolate filling made the dish. My favorite was the Flan (yes at a Japanese restaurant), it was reminiscent of creme brulee. The mochi wasn't great, might have been in the freezer too long.

While the sushi in this spot doesn't hold a candle to I Love Sushi or Sushi Fever, the service and half rolls make up for it overall. I consistently have a great service experience here and have never had to wait for a table. Plus, there is very little bullsh$t at the sushi bar which is sometimes appreciated on a "school" night. The Hibachi is another story altogether, it is a tasty affair and the shrimp dish is some of the best I've ever had! Most certainly worth a visit!

I've only been here once and it wasn't busy so service was not a problem when I went. The food was soooo good! We had the pernil which was moist and delicious, tostones, maduras, chicken, moros y cristianos. Omg everything was awesome! I will definitely go back!

Excellent food, great service.  Wished we had found this restaurant a couple years ago when we moved here.  Price is excellent and establishment very comfortable.  Found our new "Chinese Cuisine!"

Dinner for 4. Everyone was happy for the most part. My salmon was a little salty. Hubs steak was delish! Everything looked great and our waitress was nice.

I have been to Azteca many times and have always been satisfied. This time not so much. I can't put my finger on the reason, but I have to wonder if this time was an exception, or if the place had changed. Before this visit I would have rated Azteca 4, but now it's a generous 3.

I have just discovered the Common Market and I couldn't be happier that I did.  It reminds me of a funky little deli from back home so it gives me the warm fuzzies while I peruse their killer beer selection.  They have everything a micro brew lover could want, including big bottles and single serve, build your own 6 packs.  They also have a great wine selection and they even carry sake!  There are lots of snacks, breakfast items, and organic choices, as well as off the wall treats and trinkets like "Obama-mints."  I have never actually eaten at the deli, but I'm sure it's great too.  Oh and you can also buy single cigarettes for 33 cents.....so, if you are craving just one, CM is the place to go.

After  reading the Yelp reviews, I went to Diamond around 3pm in the afternoon for a "snack". They had a surprisingly sophisticated drink menu so I ordered a bloody mary made with their house mix, absolut vodka and topped with pickled vegetables.  As I am watching the bartender make the bloody mary, she puts the cheapest vodka in the glass and then precedes to pour a mix over it which had a terrible color!  I love a good bloody mary.  This bloody mary was no bueno - cheap vodka, crappy mix and no pickled vegetables.  On to the food - I ordered wings and fried pickles.  The fried pickles were good - the wings were not.  They were chewy, not spicy and dry.  Fast forward 3 hour and I feel terrible - in fact, I am in and out of the bathroom for a good 2 hours.  NEVER AGAIN.  If you're looking for good, cheap, greasy food try Pinky's!

The queso is ridiculously good... seriously. And the homemade tortillas are also outstanding.Aside from that, everything is average at best. As mentioned by others, this is Americanized Mexican cuisine. This is not autentica comida Mexicana, mi amigos!We had been once before and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Hence making it a point to visit again on our most recent trip to Arizona.We started with the chips and salsa set for the table - delicious. I ordered a bunch of queso for the table, and I started with a Tortilla Soup. It was hilariously underwhelming. I made the joke that it was kitchen scraps, and it looked the part. It was light tomato broth with a bunch of vegetables, a gob of cheese and a small corn on the cob on top. Yes, a small corn on the cob is on top. It was lousy and I wouldn't recommend it.We ordered a pound of chicken fajitas and a half pound of vegetable ones (thanks to the vegetarian fiancee). It went surprisingly far for five of us... but the veggies weren't grilled much, which is sad because they were otherwise delicious. Also, the chicken fajitas only had one piece of green pepper and one of red on top. It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).Daniel E. wrote in his review the same concern, that there should be "more than a pile of onions," that he expected at least some green, red or yellow peppers. The fajitas were good and quite filling. The accompaniments were decent - cheese, lettuce, sour cream and the like. Nothing fancy, certainly no frills.So much potential, but it fails on almost everything. It's a true shame. This place needs to be on Restaurant Impossible with Robert Irvine... badly...This time around... the service was really lousy. And my fiancee found a bug deep down in her water. Very disappointing. The waitress first replied confirming what size bug it was, and then explained it and claimed that "we're not dirty, it's just the food smell." Then she apologized and walked away. We think she deducted a soda from the final bill... but nothing else. A bug!And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.Sad to say that we may likely not return in the future. I'm not sure if our family and friends in the greater Phoenix area will either after the bug incident.

This place had the cheapest and best falafil (that is how they spell it) pita of anywhere in town.The falafel was moist, flavorful the lettuce was fresh and there was a copious amount of sauce to cover it. The pita was a bit thin but that can be over looked. At under $3 it might be worthwhile to get two. As for the hummous we had on the side, it was a great texture but a bit low on flavor. Make sure you order an extra pita and it comes with just one. We got the order to go so we did not really have any service to review.  When you first walk in you are assaulted by the smells of many spices and many other alien things to most Americans. There is an attached small market full of spices, and exotics foods and flavored tobaccos for those under 21 who seek a vice. The counter is full of many types of balaclava and olives.If you want a great falafel pita at a good price, be brave and stop in. Just leave your Pro Bush / Israel gear in the car.

Ok, I get it that everyone is excited you finally opened.We (party of 5) came in today for Brunch.After asking two waiters 3 time for water and half way thru my meal, I finally got water.  I also asked our waiter for the habanero sauce which I had to remind him again half way thru my meal.  After paying our check 2 of decided to have a shot of corralejo tequila. I went to the Bar where I stood for over 5 minutes while the Bartender and servers watched the game ignoring me. I left and the returned, still no service.  I finally said in a loud voice to the Bartender. Quit watching the game and get me our drinks. This is a terrible way to keep customers.  Not sure we will return.  $30 for 2 shots that I pretty much had to beg to get is rediculous.  Happy Holidays.

Food is amazing they have the best BBQ pork and BBQ pork fried rice I've ever had in Las Vegas!!!! I also tried the pot stickers and orange chicken!! All  I highly recommend this restaurant to all who enjoy great service and a relaxing dining atmosphere!

You can't really go wrong when you walk into a restaurant order a beautiful bottle of peppery Zinfandel and a decadent meal with all your favorite things.  I was dazzled with my dinner choice comprised of a petite file mignon topped with crab, drizzled with a crab mignonette cream, goat cheese whipped potatoes, asparagus fritti, sauteed wild mushrooms, and brussel sprouts sauteed in pancetta, lemon, and browned butter.  Not to mention that I had the best key lime pie yet! Simply flavorful, simply quality, and simply a great choice to satisfy my craving for steak.  Hats off to the Palm!

i always come here once a year for the steak bordelaise n pomme frites!! Their fries is the only one i would eat.. they are so crispy n tasty.escargot is good.. for adventurous foodie... n not for the faint hearted... or country bumpkin who's not open minded to try anything at least once.the pate is good.. the roasted butternut squash soup is good...

If you ever want to eat somewhere with delicious food and have stunning views of the water show at the Bellagio, this is the place to be! Olive's had incredible service and appetizing food! My boyfriend and I had our Anniversary dinner here and let me just say, it is one that I'll never forget. A few tips:Make reservations and if you don't mind eating a early dinner, make it for 5, that's when dinner starts. You'll for sure get a good window seat or patio seat.Order a drink, a nice dinner is not complete without a tasty drink. We ordered bellinis and they were perfect.Don't eat too much bread because the portions are pretty decent. From experience, It was pretty hard for me to stop snacking on the bread and olives. But you want room for their mouthwatering entrees! I had the ricotta raviolis with italian sausage and my boyfriend had the goat cheese dumplings with shrimp, this was mainly where my 5 star rating came from. The food was amazingly delectable!!!!!!!

Never in my life did I picture myself hitting up a buffet in Vegas. What can I say. It always seemed gimmicky I guess. So I crashed here for a night. The room was pimp and exceeded expectation. I had been driving all freaking day and in dire need of something delicious. No reservations, no snacks and screw eating shit from the mini bar. So me and buddy mosey on down to the  Buffet while gawking at the numerous hot females walking around.Back to the food. Everything was great first and foremost. The sushi was just okay, bland and the selection of rolls was pretty eh. Anyway not quality sushi. The Prime Rib was really juicy and satisfied my craving for blood. The king crab legs were really good and the shrimp were mighty tasty. The spinach stuffed pasta things were great, smothered in a creamy white sauce. Pesto mashed potatoes, duck, turkey, spareribs, noodles, dim sum, everything was really good and the quality of the food was overall pretty good. I left this place feeling like a really content blob. The service was great and the drinks were pretty good. Nice buffet... good enough to wipe my buffet grudge away for the time being.

BASED ON BREAKFAST TO-GO:First of all, can we give a shout out to all joints that serve their breakfast menu all day? *applause* Already started off with 1 star.2nd star came when we found out we could order to-go & it would be ready to pick up in 20 minutes, smack dab in the middle of their morning rush. *High-five Lux!*3rd star came when we picked up our order off to the side of the entrance where the bakery is and they conveniently had other items like baked goods and all different kinds of drinks. I see you, Lux. I see you!4th star came when I bit into that scrumptious breakfast sammich. That bad boy was huge! I thought I had ordered two of them or something. But don't me wrong, I still devoured that sucker, it just took me a little longer. Only thing is that I wish they put a tiny bit more effort into their hash browns. Mine were kinda bland and barely crispy. Another off note: we ordered ranch over the phone, when we picked up we also confirmed if they packed the ranch (they said they did), but when we got back to our room, no ranch to be seen. Bummer cause ranch is my boo boo. Not cool, but it happens.Something to note- I'm not sure of its connection to The Cheesecake Factory: It used to be one? It's owned by the same company? Not sure but it definitely had the same vibe and I love me some CF so I ain't mad at it!I would definitely come back!

We went here because we got a gift card for Xmas, I thought it was delish we stared off with the calamari was a little under seasoned but not fishy, the complementary bread was great and then we had a chicken flatbread that was good the waitress was the nicest ever. We had a fifty dollar gift card and ended up using $38 on dinner and two drinks and gave the rest to her for being super nice. Would go again even without a gift card.

This review is coming from someone who was born and raised in HK. We have different standard on Chinese food than people from other culture. If you happened to be from an area outside of Canton/HK this review will not help you. This used to be my most favorite restaurant in Vegas for its high quality authentic cantonese cuisine...yet the most recent visit proved to a a disaster...this place had lost its authentic cantonese taste, the pan fried noodle was saturated with gravy, my pan fried shrimp was over filled with sweet and sour sauce (it was supposed to be dry), and the beef rib tasted just gross. Service is ok; but I would say that food had downgraded to American Chinese food style...I will not come back.

I love this restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is delicious.

Great creativity and fresh ingredients. Execution? Good, but not stellar. Most of us had luke warm food, but I was too lazy (since it felt like forever to get our food), to cry about it and send it back. More like a 3-4 range, but the flavor and temperature were lacking. They do have an awesome smores mocha that you should probably share. Actually, share anything you order because the portion will be monster. We came for Brunch on a Friday and had a short wait. Best thing was probably my friend's banana french toast. That was tasty and the broiled (?) bananas were the perfect addition. Would I go again for that price? Probably not. Maybe the San Diego sister location would be better....

Fun place to hangout at, and they have this really cool bridge.........lol

My wife and I go here a couple times a year for quite a while now.The food is very good, as is the service. I usually get the lasagna without looking much at the menu.  The house chianti works well.  It's all certainly good enough that we keep going back.  The atmosphere is usually quiet, even when the place is busy.  That means we can talk easily in a calm voice.On the nights that Augie is there with his accordion, the place is usually busier, and I have to think it's at least partly because of Augie.  He doesn't just play around with the squeeze box--he's Good!  He's a classically trained musician, and really puts himself into it, especially when he knows you appreciate it.

This review should be split into two categories: service and food quality.  The food was 5-stars.  Flavorful, generous, and delicious.  The service was 2 stars.  Our party was one of two in the entire restaurant.  Due to the fact the 3 servers were seated in another part of the restaurant catching up, I had to get up and request water and other things we needed.  From start to finish, lunch for 3 people took close to 1.5 hours between waiting for service.  Always happy to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and definitely recommend the food here.  Just plan on the extra time for the waiting you will do.

Our favorite Mediterranean food in the valley. Huge portions for the price. The gyro and swarms combo are our favorite. Also recommend the roasted lamb hummus. Phoenicia is awesome!

Great service.  We enjoy the food, but I believe the Naperville, IL location is better.  They seem to offer a larger variety of specials.  But, and thats a large but, the Scottsdale location is still a must try.  My favorite item is the Quinoa veggie burger.

I think I would have to agree with Kristin and Sunny and say that this place gets a lot more credit that it might otherwise deserve because it's a non-chain, non-fast food Chinese place in South Phoenix. I admire the owners for taking a risk and opening this place in this particular area and for bringing some ethnic food to the masses. That being said, the food isn't spectacular. The first time my husband and I went there, it was at dinnertime and we thought the food was decent. The Crispy Honey Chicken ($7.95) was a bit too sweet and not as crispy as one would hope, but the Mongolian Beef ($9.50) was tender and pretty flavorful. We also had the Crab Puffs for $4.95, which were fine but no better than the ones at Panda Express. The prices were low, service good, and overall, it was an ok dining experience. However, when we returned for lunch today, we were a bit disappointed. Having enjoyed a beef dish during the last visit, I decided to try the Volcano Beef lunch special. My husband got the General Tso chicken. Their website says lunch specials are $4.95, but I believe they were $5.50 each. The chicken was ok, but again, it wasn't that crispy. Sesame Chicken, General Tso Chicken, and other similar dishes are only really good if the outside is very crispy and the sauce adds flavor not sogginess. The sauce that came with the beef was spicy and flavorful and the accompanying veggies (carrot, mushrooms, broccoli, and bok choy) were really fresh, but the beef itself was really bad quality. On the upside, the egg roll that came with both lunch specials was really good. The filling was savory, and it almost tasted like it was fried in butter! I am certainly glad that the owners of Sun Asian Kitchen brought Chinese food to South Phoenix, but I hope that many more Asian restaurateurs follow suit and open restaurants in this area, so that Kristin, Sunny, and I have more options to choose from! Until then, I'll be frequenting Sun Asian Kitchen for happy hour (in particular, for the $3 crab puffs) or to-go and driving elsewhere when I went real, good-quality Asian food.

I went here today.  I ordered a hot dog and fries and was told they're out of fries.  Are you serious?  That's a first ever for me.  The hot dog was like $7.  That's an insane price for a hot dog but I was hungry so I paid.  I had to wait about fifteen minutes for the hot dog to come out and there was only one other customer in the restaurant.  When the hot dog finally arrived it was cold and they didn't provide any napkins.  I was thoroughly disappointed and will not go back again.  Now I'm starting to feel sick.

All I can say is the horrible service overrode everything that could possibly have been good about the food.  The ambience of this establishment was very cool and hip and had an abundance of open air seating which was most welcome coming into phoenix from Michigan winter that same day.  However, our server was not good at all!  We waited for waters for over 10 mins. and when I needed a refill, because that was all I was drinking, forget about it.  I had to flag another server down while I could see my waitress rolling silverware.  We were eating with another couple and she never asked if we wanted the bill split either which I thought was unacceptable. Ok...for the food.  I had the pork chili verde which was very flavorful and the cornbread that came with it, I wished I had more of it.  My husband had the kale and Brussel sprouts and kale salad which he thought was very good but the meatballs were just that, nothing special.  Even with the hen egg.  The other couple we were with had been here several times and obviously have had much different experiences than we had because I don't think I would go back unless it was for a cocktail because they had a pretty good looking list and the bar area had tables and space to mingle.

One of my favorite things about Home Plate is that it is family friendly on the dining side and perfectly "bar" friendly on the gaming side.  I only wish it was smoke free on both, but I know that will never happen in Vegas.  Both sides of the establishment (separated by large glass windows) have a large number of televisions... some are a bit outdated and could use an upgrade, but big numbers just the same.  The dining side also has a small arcade area which is PERFECT for bringing the kids, especially when the adults would like to hang out for a while, but the kids don't have the attention span to do so.  All of the food I have had here (mostly Pizza) is excellent and the staff is friendly and good.  Definitely an once/month spot for us and would be more if we lived closer.

I asked for light mustard and Delvin over did it.  I asked him to take some of it off and he looked at it like how? I just told him take of the first layer and he did with his glove n it got messy.  Then he stick his hands in the ingredient with the same glove full of mustard. Smh! Then he tells me i have to ask for light mustard i said excuse me? Yes I did you didn't hear me.

I consistently have a good experience when I come here.  The staff is quick and attentive, food is good (edamame!) and overall good location.  We frequent this place when we want to have a decently healthy meal.  Chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies is straightforward and tasty.  Plus, they always have coupons!

For the price... you can do much better.  The food was good and the room was elegant, with amazing service.  I think of it as a good date place if you have money to blow and want to try to impress someone.  There are plenty of better places to go in Vegas.  Since its in a casino, they don't seem to have a dress code, despite its the kind of place you would expect to have one.  The place was nearly empty when we walked in... perhaps that was a clue that we should not have stayed.

Had a solo dinner here at the bar while in town for business. First plus, the bartender steered me away from a bad drink. Redirected to the drunken sailor, I was a very happy camper after a long day of meetings. I followed it up with the cucumber/peach margarita and was even happier. I am a huge margarita fan (and make a darn good one). I usually do not like flavored varieties but this was intriguing. The two conventioneers next to me slugging Yuengling(don't get me wrong, I like it, but in a Cuban restaurant?) were also intrigued. It was tasty and fresh.The bartender had excellent recommendations on the menu as well. The Fire and Ice seviche was a winner, providing good flavor and some nice heat. The empanada was a nice follow-up but the seviche starred.  Good service, good food and all at a reasonable price.

Killer food. I only had one dish out of about 12 things I tried that I didn't like.

I love that all of the coffee here is fair trade and organic! This is a friendly neighborhood coffee shop which is often filled with families and lots of little kids. They also serve some breakfast type foods including bagels and cereal as well as somewhat fancier lunches. I've had better cappuccinos elsewhere, but they're acceptable here. Unfortunately, the WiFi is rather hit and miss -- sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, but at least it's free.

will wait to go a few times before bumping to 5 stars....but first time was awesome!had to get the LV chili dog...delicious. that sage chili rocks. and the dill relish compliments it ridiculously well. dog itself was good, too. paired it w/ some cottage fries w/ cayenne sour cream to dip in and a big cold sprecher root beer, on tap no less.place has a great looking menu (good selection of creative dogs, sausages, burgers and sammiches), nice selection of sides (fried pickles and green beans!) and a surprisingly decent beer selection (for a hot dog and burger grill). plus malts, shakes, etc.and....they have vegetarian options. my girl is vegetarian....want to take her here so she can try a beer refinedReviews! (kinda curious about how a veggie refinedReviews tastes myself....)

Had a very poor experience there related to customer service. Arrived to to get seating for a large table at 12:30pm.  They said they would not take names and hold tables. There were limited large tables open at that time, but only two of eight in our party had arrived so they wouldn't seat us.  We mentioned our party was expected around 1.  Around 1 they started a wait list and were not helpful when we asked to be listed on it.  They had not looked to save any large tables or opportunities to hold our group and were very rude when we asked again to try and be seated.  The rest of our party showed by 1:15 and it included 3 kids. At that time, there was nowhere for us to sit.   By 2pm, they had not followed up with us at all or tried to be courteous.  In fact, they were very unprofessional during the entire process.  I complained to the management since they "had no idea" about how long it would be to try and seat us. While I waited for more than an hour, they still made no effort to hold smaller tables open to try and accommodate our party.  By just after 2pm we said we were leaving and they seemed shocked.  Was also very frustrated the manager did not really try to solve any issues and help us out.  I didn't even get to eat there but my co-workers had lunch there other days and said their meals were "OK." They need to improve their approach to seating and customer service.  If they would have been more accommodating we would have been a large party with huge orders.  Instead, they ruined our day and their reputation among a large group of potential customers.

Totally enjoyable, every person that I have taken here is forever a fan of Honey Pig!The Beef Brisket and Bulgogi are sooooooooooooo good!!!

Fun atmosphere and pretty good burgers. Service was great, we kept having people join our table and they were very accommodating.

I LOVE the brunch here! I've been coming here every other weekend since moving to Montreal! The service is quick and friendly. The seating is casual, and they have a huge variety of chocolates at the front to purchase! I work nearby so I come here often to grab lunch, or a chocolate snack. The brunch is only served on weekends! I highly recommend it. I would come again and again!Food -  Amazing!Service - Friendly and quickAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - Yes!

My favorite bistro in all of Montreal. From the great hors d'oeuvres to the fabulous deserts, this is a spot you just can't afford to miss. Located in the French quarter, l'express is a small restaurant that is lays packed and full of eclectic people.The food is amazing but be sure to order l'ile flottante before they sell out and don't forget the cheese and wine to finish off the evening.

Terrible service, very pretentious place. Waited for my coffee for 20 min once and in the end it turned out they forgot ! Sold me a day old pastry...

My wife and I first went to the location on Rea Road twice and it was fantastic both times! We came to this location because it's closer to us and because it's a chain, we thought the food would be just as good as the one on Rea Road. We were severely disappointed.

It an okay place to go for pho... Nothing "wow" factor.... They're portions was more noodles and not enough meat... Not to mention very little herbs given

As I've always wanted to go here, my fiancé surprised me by taking me the The Witchery for my birthday this evening. Maybe I came in with incredibly high expectations but I found that the hype of this place far outweighs what you get. I was not particularly impressed with any dish I received, to be completely honest. While the restaurant is not "bad" by any means, it seems as though it's coasting on a name, rather than the quality of the food. The Witchery seems to do food that is very classic, which is great if that's what you're looking for. However, I was expecting the classic food to have something which set it apart from other restaurants like it. In short, I saw nothing like that and was served a few fancy looking dishes that were not nearly the calibre of food I would expect from a place this "legendary" or in such a price point. I have eaten at several world class restaurants and have experienced better dishes at a fraction of the price in more cosmopolitan hubs (Vegas, NYC, etc). Not only that, but I found the service to be dismal overall. The servers were very kind but not attentive enough. I recognize that there can be a cultural divide between American (which I find far too hands on) and British service but this didn't even begin to straddle the line. We were left to our own devices with only a check in every half hour (if that). The last straw, which I'm not sure was intentional or not, was that I wasn't asked if i wanted my credit card charge to be in dollars or pounds. For most people this isn't a big deal, but I travel enough to know that establishments make extra money if one pays in foreign currency...I would think a place of this calibre would know exactly what they are doing when hey run something like that, which I find dishonest. The Witchery gets extra points for acknowledging and doing something sweet for my birthday but overall, I'd recommend people look to other places in Edinburgh for great food. This place seems like a tourist trap that's lazy bc of their legacy. Personally, I felt it was a waste of money.

So I've never had Vietnamese Pho before (pronounced fu, as in fun, without the n) and I decided to try it with a friend of mine who speaks Vietnamese and would be able to tell me what to order and what I was eating and also steer me to the best place in town so I'd have a positive initial Pho experience and want to go back again and again.unPHOgettable is tucked into an Asian cultural center just south of Main Street on Dobson on the west side of the road and is part of the Asian grocery story, but has it's own entrance and eating area. It had a pretty nice atmosphere, the owner was very helpful and even recognized my friend and his wife as we walked in (I figured they either eat there quite a bit, or the owner remembers him because he doesn't likely see very many tall, geeky, white kids who speak Vietnamese). The menu had a very wide selection and did a decent job of explaining what each of the items are. The owner offered to go over the menu with us, since it was our first time, but my friend told him that he would handle it. The place was pretty clean and the staff was very helpful. My only minor complaint was that there was a minor fish odor in the air, but I wasn't quite sure if it was the restaurant's fish or the adjoining Asian grocery store that had the fishy smell. Either way it wasn't overpowering and didn't detract from our meal at all.I ordered Pho with thin sliced beef and tendon. I have to admit, that when I looked at the menu, I thought tendon was tenderloin, so I assumed I was ordering thin strips of beef with beef junks. It wasn't until my friend's wife repeated my order with an emphasis on TENDON that I realized what I ordered. Either way though, I'm pretty adventurous so I figured I'd give it a shot. My wife ordered a flat noodle meal instead of the soup since she's had it before. The food didn't take long and we were brought our enormous bowls of Pho with all the trimmings. I added a decent amount of hoisen sauce, and an even more decent amount of hot sauce. The broth in my bowl actually ended up pretty dark red. I added in my bean sprouts, tore up my basil and plopped in my jalapeños to boot. I dug in and was amazed at how great it tasted. I wasn't really amazed that it tasted good, but that it tasted SO good AND I'd never had it before. Why had people kept this a secret from me? It was fantastic and right up my alley. Soup, hot sauce and noodles. I wolfed mine down and even tried my wife's noodle dish, not really enough to give a thorough review, but it was good, and I'd try it again.The prices weren't bad, I ended up paying about $22 for the two of us to eat our meals and a small appetizer split between 4 people. Range: $7.50 - $12.00.Sorry for posting without pictures, but I'm sure I'll be back and append some pics to this after my next bowl.Because of this place, I am now a fan of Vietnamese food, specifically the Pho soup.Rating: 5.0http://dietstartstomorrow.com/post/2982603033/unphogettable-mesa

This will be my first visit to a Korean BBQ joint here in Vegas and I was delightfully surprised. It was fairly traditional with a decent selection (tripe was a nice addition). The staff was attentive as they needed to be; quick to switch out grill tops and refill waters, but that is rarely a deal-breaker for me at these places. To explain to those that may have been to different style Korean BBQ's, this is the type that is buffet style, not the dim sum style. I typically compare Korean restaurants on their kalbi, and this place stacks up right around the 3 star range. Having been to, in my opinion, some of the best domestic Korean BBQ's back in Queens, NY, this place filled the void rather nicely. I'll definitely return for my monthly dose of pig intestine, And for 18$ a head? Gun bae!

I came upon Paradise Bakery by chance and just stopped by to have a drink and something sweet. We ordered a caramel ice, snickerdoodle cookie, and a sugar cookie. They were all okay, but not fantastic. I think it's a little pricey for what it is. The inside was pretty nice and seemed like a nice place to study or read, but I probably wouldn't choose to go back.

This a great deli, by airports standards or otherwise.  They have a fairly limited menu, but the food is great quality.  There are sandwiches, wraps, salads, and fresh pastries.  Service is always friendly and prompt, which is great when you're rushing to a flight. Try the turkey and cranberry sandwich, it is great! This is my go to for a quick meal before heading to the security line.

Food and service were good but apparently they didn't want to pay the rent. Place is closed, locked up with a sign saying the lien holder has taken over. Guess I have to find a new sushi place now. Damnit.

Went here to break Passover this yearWhat we sampled: Beer sampler      Definitely a good way to try different beers, to get an idea of what you like. I was really interested in the Hefeweizen with flavors of banana and clove.  It was definitely interesting smelled like bananas and tasted like cloves. Appetizer sample     The beer cheese and pretzels were great and the sauerkraut balls were definitely interesting.  I wasn't such a big fan of the potato pancakes though. Beer Cheese spatzel     Total winner of the night.  It was awesome. Apple Streudel     A classic, though I don't know if I would order it again.  Not really my thing. Service was great and helpful!

Good Mexican food. I had the enchiladas with rice and beans. Tasted good a little on the spicey side. Kind of small could've been bigger. Good  service.

Good cheap Mexican food, but like a previous comment, it gets harder and harder to keep going back.  The way they process orders is annoying, but that's not a deal-breaker if the food is worth it.  I've ordered breakfast burritos and enchiladas for lunch mostly.  Chips cost extra.  The salsa isn't remarkable.  Overall the food is just okay - good enough to stop by if it's on the way to somewhere else - not good enough to make a trip specifically to dine there.

I was really unimpressed.  They get a weak 3 based mainly on the service which was the strong point of the visit this morning.Arriving about 8 on a Thursday morning the restaurant was about full.  Given the choice between a booth and the counter I chose a booth.  Ordered decaf which there was afresh pot brewing and it came in a few minutes.  Ordered the Country breakfast (normally $5.99 but was the daily special at $4.99) with 2 eggs, a split biscuit with gravy and 2 slices of bacon.The biscuits were ok.  I prefer a sausage gravy rather than the pepper gravy they make but it was ok.  The bacon was tasty but thin and not lean.  The eggs were runny in the middle.The building and interior was showing a lot of wear.  There ware a lot of regulars even after the morning rush of folks heading off to work.  The service was really good and friendly.Overall this place was a reasonable value in that you could get a breakfast at fast food prices with wait service.  Not sure I would make it part of a regular rotation but I may stop again because of where it is in relation to where I travel.

I used to think Sephora was my "Happy Place," but that was until I went to Hough's.  Hough's is my happy place, and also you can't drink a beer at Sephora.So.Many.Beers!  At reasonable prices!!!  Every time I leave the Sharp Edge I feel like I've left the bulk of my personal wealth there.  Not at Hough's!  It's everything that's good about the Sharp Edge, and you're not going to go broke.I also really liked that the beer list was seperated by brewery, bc I am a beer snob.  Not a fan of Dogfish, but I do love my Troeg's.  I also really liked that on the back of the beer menu they offer descriptions of each of the different beers so you can sound like you know what the hell you are talking about when discussing the random beer you've just ordered.  "I like the fruity finish of this Kolsch.  I believe this brewery is from a small basement in a small upstate NewYork town you've never heard of!"Pro tip:  It's winter.  Order a black IPA or a Winter Warmer, don't order a Kolsch.  Ever.  They are just not good.My current favorite beer at Hough's is 21st Ammendment Fireside Chat.  Try it.  You'll love it.  Beer is my "thing" and I know what's up.  You'll like it, trust me.  I had a lot of beers.  They were good.  The waitress was knowledgeable, and according to my friend (a guy), she was also hot.  He appreciated that.The only thing I didn't like was the cold beer cheese dip.  There are certain foods I call, "Guy Foods."  Stuff guys love and chicks are grossed out by.  This was one of them, bc my friend ate the whole thing while I poked at it and said, "Is this just a block of cream cheese with shredded cheese mixed in?"  I'm pretty sure it was.  But my friend loved it.I'll def be back, and you should go there too!

Ate here on our trip to Vegas last year using a Restaurant.com certificate.  Gotta love the places that let you include liquor the coupon.  We each had a large margarita that was delicious and not weak.  We shared the steak nachos that were excellent.  Shared a couple other appetizers that also hit the mark well.  A bit small of a space and you get to know your neighbors well.  Great deal with the certificate.

Well call me Sheila and throw another shrimp on that barbie. Ok, so there's no Australian connection to Treacle, but the King Prawn noodle box I had here today was by far the best noodles, and the best EVER king prawns, I've ever had. We're talking about all my culinary dining experiences internationally here, and I've done all the whole med-fish scene ample times.The prawns tasted like they were fresh off the barbie, really charred and flavoursome and juicy and mmm. Seriously, just...if you like prawns, go and order that dish. I want another one now, and I only had it 3 hours ago. As far as noodle dishes go it was better than any chinese takeaway I've had too. So, as far as my experience of Treacle goes, it's a pub and a gastro-pub, the food is exceptional. The menu doesn't give that away. It has the standard pies, burgers, salad, open sandwiches etc. and doesn't seem to hint that it'll be anything other than good pub food. But ohmylord. Everything I've had here has just been exceptionally well cooked. The chef deserves every single one of these 5 sexy stars.I can't recommend it highly enough for delicious pub grub. Read my other reviews of it previously for an idea of the place. I am now definitely one of its biggest fans.

This is one of my all time favorite lunch spots near my work. My girlfriend introduced this place to me a few months ago when I was craving Viet food. She encouraged me to try the bahn mi sandwich.  I immediately fell in love. As I got to explore the menu.. I quickly found this spot to have some the best pho I've ever had.. from living in California to now recently residing in Vegas. The rare flank is awesome especially when you get it served on the side instead of already mixed in the broth allows you to drop in at your leisure to get soft "rare" slices of beef. Quality soup.. very flavourful! ..Great cure for hangovers! I really enjoy the bbq pork rice dish and the spring rolls are amazing (always fresh). The peanut dipping sauce for the spring rolls is definitely on point and is a must try if you eat here. Also the prices are very reasonable and just a great place for friends and family to get good local Vietnamese food!

I was really impressed with the quality of food at Sage Garden! They catered a meeting for us and  I thought their food really stood out:They came in (on time) and set it all up for us in a timely/professional manner (as it was a working lunch)Sandwiches- Excellent, I had turkey & swiss although they had chicken salad, ham, and I believe roast beef to choose from. They were all served on soft croissant rolls.  A veg option would have been great and some individual mustard/mayo's rather than a large one for all to share ( the germaphobe in me would have appreciated it.)They provided potato salad which was DELICIOUS! Red potatoes, green onion, mayo -based, non-sweet, with almost a hint of bacon. It was really good. They also gave us some incredible chocolate brownies, which were just so good I wish I grabbed one more before I left. Overall the food was really delicious- they were a step above many of the other franchised options. Fresh and tasty, just the way I like my lunch to be : ) I'd highly recommend them.

Of Wolfley and Man! (Metallica Reference!)I came here for lunch with an associate and I wanted to try something new. Wolfley's was definitely something you can't find anywhere in the country so what the hey! I would have ordered their hometown favorite roast beef sandwich, but the waitress warned me it was quite salty.  I'm glad she did since I don't take kindly on overly salty foods. So I ordered the cheeseburger sliders instead. Let's just say I wasn't sure if should have sucked it up and tried the roast beef sandwich instead. Sliders were, well sub par and basic. It was pretty dry and it came along with some fried onion flakes. I needed to douse it with some ketchup to help me swallow it. My meal also came along with a side salad, which was probably the better of the two. However, I found a few brown leaves and tried to work around it. Service was good overall and the place was pretty well put together. Definitely a cool place to hang with the boys for a game. I went on Wolfey's website and notice they are fond of charitable work and non-profits coming to their place - Kudos! Then again in my honest opinion I'm not sure I would want to recommend this place unless it's just for drinks. - Enjoy!

The strip mall exterior belies the treasure within! When you enter, you're immediately greeted by the smell of cooked meat. Normally the smell of meat is not a pleasant one for me. As in, makes me lose my appetite. So, it's a huge compliment when I say, the smells coming out of the open kitchen are mouthwatering. When one of my dining companions received her short ribs, there were yet more mouthwatering aromas. WTH kind of alchemy is going on in that kitchen make this vegetarian salivate over dead animal? No matter, fellow lovers of the plant plate, there's options for you here. For starters, you *must* order the Brussels sprouts (they do come with panchetta, but it can be left off). DIEvine. Seriously. As are the roasted root vegetables. I love when something simple is so delicious.I normally never eat mac and cheese because it's so two-note (duh), but Beckett's Table makes it so that I finally *get* why people are all gaga over this stuff. It's very subtle, but those mustard seeds take the dish to a whole other level of delish bliss. My entree, the oven roasted vegetable tower was probably the least exciting thing I ate last night night, but still flavorful in its own right and beautifully plated. I'm just not a fan of roasted peppers and onions which comprise about half of the stack. I'll leave this tiny meh at that, because the entire experience blows that away into the ether. Next up, dessert. Although thoroughly stuffed at this point, I managed a bite of the sweet potato pie (incredible), the berry cobbler (delightfully tart, balanced with a sweet ice cream) and the piéce de resistance, fig (yes, I said fig) and pecan pie.I'd be remiss to not mention the cocktail list, which seemed quite creative. It was hard for me to choose, but I had the Az Farmhand, which has Hendricks gin, soda, ginger, lemonade and honey, many of my favorite cocktail ingredients. It did not disappoint. Fabulous selection of wines by the glass, too.A thoroughly lovely experience from start to finish, Beckett's Table provides top notch food at affordable prices, with impeccable service in a rustic environment (you feel like you're in the hippest, coziest lodge).

Too bad the bagel and schmear were delicious, because the service was terrible. When I ordered my chicken soup + matzo ball (which was alright but not worth $5.99) I asked for it in the plastic container to go, I was argued with, being told the paper like container was more safe and better for soup...it promptly spilled because the lid wasn't tight enough, and in my car.

This place looks amazing when you walk in and feel like you have entered a 70's diner. Then the longer you spend there the less amazing it became. The service is terrible and it took forever to get our food. I made my own burger but found the burger meat has no seasoning at all, just meat made into a patty and cooked. The fries were not bad but the mac and cheese was not good at all,  one bite was enough for me. The dessert looked good but i am sure it was like most of the stuff in this place. Looks great but leaves a bad taste in your mouth.

We initially wanted to go to Wicked Spoon for the buffet, but they were about to close to prepare for dinner. We saw Holsteins along the way and decided to check it out. We both got the meatball burger, which was okay. My son enjoyed the mini sliders and fries. The food was decent, but maybe a bit overpriced, mostly likely due to it's location in the Cosmo. Our waitress was fantastic and really catered to our kids needs.

Ordered a rice/vegetable dish and it was pretty much all onions and barely any veggies. My boyfriend got sick from the sushi he had. Won't go back.

This was hands down the best meal I had during my recent trip to Phoenix.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful - walking us through the menu, making suggestions, and just being overall very pleasant.My husband and I started with the Pork Belly Pastrami, which was tender and delicious.  We scarfed down the whole thing.For entrees, I went with the scallops and grits.  The scallops were nicely prepared, but I could have eaten a whole bowl of just the grits with bacon. Mm - so so good.My husband had the short ribs which were definitely the right way to go.  They were delicious.And, even though we were both too full to move, I really wanted to try the bread pudding, so we went for it.  So. worth. it.  The only unfortunate thing was that at 8:00 on the Sunday night before Columbus day, the restaurant was pretty much empty.  I would have expected more of a crowd - it felt a little ... i don't know..not happening. But, despite the lack of a crowd, this place stands on its food and service and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in AZ

Amazing little wine bar! They have some seriously wonderful appetizers. You can't go wrong with the cheese board, the flatbreads, the charcuterie board, or the warm brie... They're all to die for! OH, the olives are great too! I wasn't thrilled with the shrimp and tomatoes to be honest, but that was my only disappointment. One more thing I was simply so bummed about was they discontinued the rock shrimp and that was my FAVORITE. I still ask every time I go in just to see if they will bring it back. :) You just cannot beat the wine and beer selection, the delicious food, and the great ambiance. This is a must try!

I was driving down Buffalo and came across this place.  Boy am I glad I stopped by.OMG! This place is the bomb diggity! Never expected the food to be so delicious!  It's like an explosion of flavors in your mouth! The red velvet pancake is to die for. I'm from Hawaii so it was a surprise to see Hawaiian dishes served here.  To all the Hawaiians in Las Vegas this place give Cinnamons Restaurant HARD RUBS! Plus they serve Zippy's Chilli here!!! I tried the Adobe Fried Rice Omelette and the Kailua Pig Benedict! A+ in my books!The staff was wonderful! Very friendly and very prompt.  They filled our drinks when needed and provided a smile every time they came by.  I know this is random but their water was so good! Very Cold and tasted fresh! That is also a plus for me when checking out a new restaurant as you know you don't always want to get drinks. So rest assured if you want water here your gonna have a good one. Price is very reasonable for the taste your are going to receive.  The portions are more than decent to get you full and possible end up taking some to go!I had a great overall experience as a first timer.  I don't live next to this area but with the results of having a friendly staff, amazing food, and decent prices I will not hesitate to take a drive to eat here again!

First visit to Emzy last weekend and my wife and I loved the sushi! It was a little weird when we arrived around 7:45 on a Saturday night and the place was dead. I was worried the food might not be good, but I have to say that everything was great! We both eat sushi all the time and we had some of the best sushi here at Emzy. I am not sure why the place was packed out with patrons. The atmosphere is trendy and cool, the wait staff was friendly and the food great. I have to assume that the location, not near Trade and Tryon or the Epicenter, are the only reason it was mostly empty. Well, that is a shame. If you like sushi, this place is not to be missed. We loved the Drunken Shrimp Roll, and especially loved the Sweet 18 Roll! It's a bit pricey at $16, but the Sweet 18 was worth every penny! The Spicy Tuna Ball small plate was excellent as well. If you're a fan of sushi, I would recommend Emzy for sure!

I got the three flavor chicken on my first time here. The taste was just wonderful.

This is the 3rd location I've tried out. Pita Jungle does NOT disappoint! Everything about their food is consistent. The staff is friendly. I wish we had these restaurants in Florida. FIVE STARS!

I am a native Phoenician and Mexican American. I was shocked to find this restaurant serving such authentic Mexican dishes. It was similar to my Mother's cooking. Try the seafood with Mojo de Ajo (Garlic sauce). They added peanut butter to the Mojo de Ajo and this was truly a delicacy know  to very few locals.Try the Dos Amigos (Prawns and Scallops) - $13.25. The cooks are the 2 owners  Man and Wife. Beautiful decor and very pleasant young waiters/waitresses  12-29-12  looking forward to 2013

Amazing pulled pork sandwich! The meat was charred and tasted just right. The sides are huge portions. The poutine was pretty tasty but not enough cheese! More cheese and it's just right.

45 minutes for undercooked macaroni (so called tiger shrimp pasta) cheese platter came with plastic wrap around pieces of cheese my favorite drink had literally 10% of liquor and the rest was ice  ...wanted to impress my boyfriend with some classy Italian food, so I did!

Favorite hot dog in Charlotte. If I hadn't lived in Chicago previously, I might say my favorite hot dog place ever. I love the atmosphere both inside and out, but you can't beat the rooftop deck. With this building's bad reputation for keeping tenants, I hope JJ's can make it for the long haul. I'm a big fan.

The Crepe Bar must be doing something right, since it was crowded.  The food was acceptable, but not exceptional.  The crepes ordered (Maple Butter and Tiramisu) were crepes with topping on top, not wrapped within as one normally does for a crepe.  We waited 20 minutes or so for the crepes to come out, and the presentation of the crepes seemed rushed--toppings were just sort of dumped on top of the folded crepe, like it was prepared by someone in a rush.  I suspect they did not have a kitchen floorspace or staff adequate to meet demand.  The staff was friendly and considerate and the decor was pleasant.  While not terrible, it was not really worth the wait or the price.  I doubt I will go back.

Bacchanal Buffet is located at Ceasars Palace.I'm a victim of expecting a grand feast from this mega buffet, only to have my expectations shattered like a huge mirror hitting a concrete floor. Fellow Yelpers raved about it. Family and friends that had gone, had also raved about it. So naturally I bookmarked it and anxiously awaited my time to feast like a king at the "buffet of all buffets."Upon arriving at the entrance to the buffet it was already clear that we came during the dinner rush. The line was insanely long.  Fast forward 1.5 hours later and we were finally seated inside....oh yes, it took us 1.5 hours of waiting & $50+ per person to get in. The place is freaking huge. Food on food on food & tables on tables on tables. The decor was pretty and oozed of opulence for a buffet. We were seated relatively close to the dessert station. The entire meal was a blur, there was a lot to choose from (meats, pastas, ethnic foods, desserts, sides, salads, soups, etc) and yet nothing specific comes to mind about what was the best at that buffet. However, I did enjoy the crab legs and the choice of either cold crab legs or boiled crab legs; which were boiled fresh upon each order. The only thing I didn't like about Bacchanal was the buffet set up. The majority of the food stations and the dessert station were located in the same room; but the crab legs and the majority of the Asian dishes and pasta dishes were located in a separate room. I suppose this is my buffet pet peeve and the worst offender is the buffet at Mandalay Bay, where the majority of each food station is sectioned off in its own space@!&$# LOL I digress. I'm pretty sure the long wait left a bad taste in my mouth making my expectation of the Bacchanal that much more important. Would I come back to Bacchanal? Yes, to give it another shot, BUT will need to time my next visit so it doesn't coincide during the rush -_-

We had tickets to the Mercury game and were trying to get away from the crowds when we stumbled upon this amazing little sandwich shop!We both had chubby sandwiches with ranch bacon and turkey. I also ordered an Oreo Shake. Prepare to be wowed. I don't know what it is about this sandwich, but it is an experience to eat it. Plenty of sauces mixed with the freshness of the meat and soft toasted whole grain bread....well it's just indescribable and also very affordable!You need to visit soon!

Decided to go here instead of my normal Chipotle fix. I had the roast beef and turkey club.,it was loaded with lettuce and tomato but definitely not eat. Just a few slices of each and maybe cheese. It was hard to tell under all he veggies. The bread was really tasty, seemed fresh! The  sandwich, chips and a drink was just over $9. A bit pricey for what you get. There are some other sandwich shops motto far from here that have better food at a better price. It seems this store just opened. The staff was friendly and the food is prepared super fast. I will give it another trying few weeks to see if this was just a new opening hiccup.

We just came from having the BEST pizza we have ever eaten.  We had the Sicilian and added artichokes.  Unbelievably delicious, Artisan style and fresh.  It was wonderful.  The owner/cook and entire staff made their way over to our table just to greet us.  They sell homemade french bread and rosemary/kalamata olive french bread.  Took two loaves home.  Don't listen to one word negative about the restaurant, service or food.  It really was delightful. fyi:  to Lenne O from Denver...  You must have been in the pizza restaurant across the parking lot because 1)you do not serve your own beverage  2) there isn't a chalkboard and 3) you don't prepay or pre-tip.  None of that...

The shrimp here was average. I went with a healthier option on the menu and did not get my shrimp fried, I got the kabobs. There was nothing special about the dish BUT the shrimp were cooked properly. I would go back here and try something different. Also great decor from Forest Gump!!!

You'll feel like you're eating in a Havana Bistro with a Cuba Libre on the side and expect a hand rolled cuban cigar to follow your meal under palm trees.  Which leaves one massive mystery: I've never seen a cuban cooking, serving, waiting the bar, or eating there.  I'm not sure a cuban has ever so much as walked by Saluds door.  Yet, magically, it tastes like everything was teleported over from Fidel Castro's personal chef right to your Pittsburgh plate.Incredibly fresh dishes, high on flavor and quality.  The service was genuine and warm, and the bartender even offered us holiday cookies his wife made as a desert for free just to be friendly.  The atmosphere is totally standard Lawrenceville/Pittsburgh bar, and has no hint of the cuban deliciousness that is conjured up in their kitchen.  They have a solid craft brew list with a large number of rotating bottles and drafts, and reasonable prices across the board.I'd love to see the atmosphere match the excellent cuban food and strong service, but I'd gladly come back either way.  For great cuban food at great prices, Salud, I salute you!

I decided to come here after driving past it so many times. The first thing I noticed was their dull menu, no creativity what so ever. I'm a graphic designer so for me precentation means a lot. Anyway, I ordered a tripa and an al pastor. I was the only one there, and it took them a good five minutes to prepare them. Not only that, they messed up my order, they gave me a cabeza instead of tripa. Very disappointed. If I ever come back I'll know what to expect.

I really wanted to love this place....especially from the good reviews and because we drove from Henderson just to go and eat here (about 45 minute drive).  We went for brunch on a Sunday and it did not seem too busy.  There were plenty of tables available and there was a small line to order.  They take your order at one counter and then you wait in line to pay for your order at another counter. We ordered and then stood in line for about 15 minutes before we could even pay for the order.  The set up is just not expeditious in any way.  We got a table and waited for our food.  There were four of us; 2 people in our party received their order in about 35 minutes....the other 2 received their order in about 50 minutes.....which was over an hour from when we first made our order.  We ordered a Benedict and a 3 Sandwiches (total).....so over an hour seems completely unacceptable to me for such a small and simple order.  The Pulled Pork Benedict was good and the pork was nicely flavored but their Cuban Sandwich was flavorless.  I was so hoping that it would be good enough for the hour plus wait....but I was really disappointed.  We also ordered a side of potatoes...but it was a small plate of about 10 thin, small slices.  The portion was really small for a paid side order and they were also MEH.....nothing special and no seasonings or herbs at all.  To be honest, I would not make the trip across town again with so many better options.

My wife and I just happened to be at Starbucks when we decide to try Taco Guild. Once arriving we were seated very quickly. Unfortunately it was at a table that hadn't  been cleaned (kinda gross if you'd ask me) which shows a lack of communication between who ever is cleaning the tables and who ever is sitting them (or they couldn't care less where they sat my wife and I). The tables and chairs are booth style so it was a bit uncomfortable for me. The server was very nice and greeted us very warmly. Unfortunately (and I might attribute this to a busy night on his end) we weren't really told about the menu. Once the waiter left my wife and I felt as if we knew nothing more about Taco Guild then when we sat down, this could have been excused if this places had been open for a couple of months but this was the third night it was opened. All in all the meal was great it came out quick and hot and the server seemed to have adjusted better and was accessible more and more throughout our meal. I recommend the Taco Guild the food was great at the atmosphere is killer and I'm very excited to see if there are any sports nights or weekends coming up at Taco Guild. If you're a selective eater please make sure to ask questions (next time I'll take my own advice as well). Please see below for a personal side note...*The meal went fine and I seldom felt a I need to call my waiter over. As we were leaving a man which I presumed worked there (he was standing around looking at the tables and standing with the host and what I assumed to be the owner...or maybe he was the owner) went to the door and held it open. What I hadn't realized was that he was holding it open for a couple (white and in there 50's maybe) coming in and not for my wife and I (Hispanic and white respectably) which were going out. The man after noticing my wife and I motioning towards the door continues to motion the couple which was entering to come in. Awkward at best this situation left a poor taste in my mouth.

Great cocktails but bad service.  Sat at the bar and pretty much had the menu thrown at me. It took about ten minutes for the bar tender to notice me after I had a chance to review the menu. It was my first time there and probably my last. Sucks because I was really excited about going there.

back already!  My husband had the really spicy beef combo, and I had a chicken enchilada and taco combo.. I must admit, the beef was really tasty.  Spicy, but not overpowering.  the chicken was not really that spicy, they say all their chicken is spicy.Next time, I'll get the beef too.good food, smiling service, clean restaurant.

I have to admit, I wasn't particularly adventurous with my ordering when I ate here last week. We arrived around 12:30 and the place was pretty busy. They are still offering their regular rolls for 50% off so I got a few off the menu to try. My dining companion ordered the lunch special, which was also a pretty good deal. The fish was all pretty fresh and the rolls were made well. I would have given them 4 stars if service was a bit better. I know they were a little busy, but drinks went unfilled and our food came out slow. Their AYCE prices were reasonable and I have a Groupon burning a hole in my pocket, so I will be back. Looking forward to trying more items off the menu. Both the sushi and cooked items look enticing.

The owners are extremely nice and the food is quite delicious. Nice, Authentic, and a great taste of the Middle East.

This place absolutely lives up to its stars! Amazing food, amazing service, and adorable pens shaped like chopsticks holding nigiri :P The special with sea bass and truffle salt was my favorite, but the trout with pop rocks and the tadas were amazing too. Everything we has was fresh and delicious. But whatever you do, don't ask for Louis... He's mine!

I've been to Pomo for several company outings and for dinner dates. The quality of service and food never wavers whether I'm there with two people or twenty - it is always an excellent visit with knowledgable waiters and delicious pizzas. Any of the pizzas they offer on the menu are absolutely delicious as well, I wouldn't hesitate trying a new option here at all. Definitely worth a visit, don't miss the patio in cooler weather!

Clean and friendly staff. Had the Dac Biet soup and spring rolls. Overall, tasty, would recommend to an out of towner as a safe bet. Hits the pho craving you just have to add your own spices/sriracha.

Love this place!!! They have lots of gluten free options and I think they are priced well! I go in at least once a week for their broccoli and cheese soup!! It's the best I have ever had!! And I alway have great service!

This place might become my new go to bar.  I went in for the first time since the remodel and was extremely impressed.  The whole place feels wry opened and bright and clean.  With the number of TVs they have all around the bar this is a great place to watch football. The service was great, our bartender knew the menu well and gave us some great recommendations.  We ordered pretzels to start and I got the chicken bacon cesar melt.  Food came out fast and it was delicious. I'll definitely be back here.

