I usually cringe when I hear or read someone say the word "delish" but I'll have to use it for this restaurant. I'm a bit of a newbie with Thai food and I've rarely ventured outside of this place's Chicken Pad Thai just because it's soooo damn good. Nothing like slathering it with sides of jalapenos and spices given for that added extra bonus. Coming on a Thursday at lunch is the "must" day because they have the best Egg Drop Soup I've ever tasted (and it's free with your meal). If a fruity-Asian hybrid of iced-tea is your thing, this place has it! Although with all of the spiciness of the foods, you better get an extra ice water. Sometimes they don't come around enough for ol' Walter and my tastebuds are usually on fire!Your pal,Walter
Restaurant reviewDo you remember that episode in Seinfeld at the soup restaurant. I won't refer to the name given to the owner of that restaurant but this experience is very similar. You go up to the counter to order from a surly man who is cooking and running the register. He will ignore you for a few minutes and finally come over to take your order. You sit down and after a few more minutes or more he will yell your food is ready with only the bare minimum of words. Not the best customer service, but I digress. The upside is the food is inexpensive compared to chicago. There are daily specials. I ended up with the lamb dish with rice, split pea soup, and some beans. The flavors were very authentic, not too salty or spicy. I just wish the lamb was not cooked way through. For the price you pay it is good, but the food would not be acceptable restaurant quality in a big city. All said and done, I will be back if I crave Mediterranean food.Pro: inexpensive, authentic middle eastern foodCons: average food quality, overcooked, poor customer service, NO free refills...Hidden gem: Daily specials are a bargain, check out my picture for the menu
Driving down central about to head to another lunch location when the driver starts talking about Burger King and whoppers, so you know we had to find the nearest Bk. The taste of the whopper is so good and unique. Plus I haven't had one in a while. Upon arriving to this location, it is not busy at all, and the parking lot is empty but that doesn't stop our Whopper journey. It is a dated Bk but playing some good tunage!The man who took our order was very nice and seemed happy to have a customerWe both got whoppers and I actually opted for the double whopper, don't judge me, hahaI didn't know that they got the new Coca Cola machines. I think they're like "free style" super cool and so many flavors. I was happy to see Cherry Coke. Since the Bk isn't busy our good was made from scratch which is kinda neatThe whopper is nice, fresh, and hot Totally goodThe fries are super fresh which is very uncommon at any fast food joint :)This was such a good last second choice and a total money saver :)
Christmas really isn't my holiday...it's more for the Beautiful Carin, and I try my very best to play along and do what I should to make the holiday "joyful"...not my strong suit:)This Christmas is no different than 30 or 40 others that preceded it...it's the end of the year and that always bring its own peculiar brand of "troubles".Today, I had to visit with one of my attorney's (I know, pathetic)...some trouble with some partners in a business relationship and I am trying to figure out what the best course of action is...this attorney is my Doberman...he will chase people to the bowels of hell and bring them back screaming to be returned to Satan's loving grasp...if the compensation is right:)I don't Yelp him, because frankly, he scares me...a little bit:)I was bemoaning the holiday season to him during our session today (believe it or not our "chit chat" is quite brief at $425 per hour), and his legal advice was that I "sack up" and get over it:)To reinforce that, he took me to lunch (I must look like I'm going to be a gold mine to him!) at Scott's Generations:)That did indeed put a smile on my face and prepared me adequately for my next meeting this afternoon.I love deli...I get to NYC 2-3 times a year, and consequently I don't think very much of the deli's here in town...overpriced, under-sized...less than we should expect:(Even Goldman's, who's been good for several years, has fallen sharply over the past year.Scott's could change my perception of the deli landscape in PHX.I had a hot corned beef on rye that was as tasty as anything I've found in Phoenix...and it was huge...a restricted flight softball of hot, moist corned beef, between two thick slices of rye (from Karshes, next door, with plenty of caraway seeds:)Four salt brine pickle spears, and cole slaw, accompanied this behemoth:)I couldn't leave well enough alone and ordered a side of crinkle cut fries to "make the season bright":)$11.00 US money for the whole deal (no extra charge for "extra lean":)Everything was well made, tasty and nicely presented by the sweet ladies that serve the all the customers...I mean 20-25% tip service by these sweethearts:)I waddled out, with my mood adjusted back to "non-grinchy" (I'm sure this lunch will appear on the bill from my attorney, at some point...I just choose not to think about it right now:)I didn't even have room for a Black and White cookie from Karshes, after lunch...that's packing in the corned beef!While Scott's Generations is not, strictly (or even un-strictly) speaking "kosher", it is definitely in  the traditional "New York Style":)No, I would not claim it's as good as anything in Manhattan...but I gotta tell you, it's as good as a lot of neighborhood deli's in Manhattan...and easily the best of breed for PHX.
This place makes me happy.  I love the purity of it.  Its a super small place, nestled in a retail center next to a water and ice store.  The same staff is always there, including the owner. Service is typically straight forward and gets the job done.  To me, its all about the fresh pasta. I can't seem to steer away from the Bolognese ragu. Its actually pretty light with long pasta and ground meats (7 different kinds?)   My wife usually goes with the gnocchi, which she raves about as well. We tried the bruschetta, definitely go for the fig, goat and prosciutto.  The wine list is very fair. Most bottles are 90+ and around $30-$40.  2 critical thoughts: Remove the "As seen on Dives, Diners and Drive-ins" on the front sign, let the food stand it for itself. Add fresh grated parmesan instead of the store bought pizza shakers.  Overall, a big fan of this place. Not going to impress a hot date with the ambiance, and can get loud due to small size, but its simply all about the food.
Postino rocks!It's a great place to grab a light and relaxing dinner and drink. The place has a chill feel to it, so it's a great place to take a date. Postino has an extensive wine list and also offers an awesome variety of beers. Their beer list includes your basic domestics, higher end domestics, and a handful of tasty imports.The food is amazing as well, with the highlight being the bruschetta. When ordering the bruschetta, you choose any four of eleven yummy choices. None of the eleven are bad, however my favorites are the brie and apples with fig spread, Mozzarella with tomato and basil, salami with pesto, and the warm artichoke spread.The outdoor seating area is the place to be and the prices are very reasonable.Great food, awesome wine list, good beer selection, nice ambience, and reasonable prices give Postino five stars.
First Off...Salsa is some of the best I've tried...growing up in  So. Cal.and now in Az...that's a statement!My friend and I ordered both Mexican pizzas....We enjoyed both equally, and could not choose a favorite! Service is very good, and the owner dropped by for a quick chat and greeting.Prices were very reasonable and the portions were large.
Oh the memories. My first Capriotti's experience and it didn't disappoint. Of course I got the Bobbie and of course it was excellent. I'm usually not a fan of cranberry on my  food but it really works well with this sandwich. The bread is soft and the turkey is well-seasoned,  roasted  and pulled. I also tried the cheesesteak and I gotta say, it's one of the best I've had. Get it with onions and hot+sweet peppers. I've tried the Capriotti's that recently opened near me. I don't know what it is, it just isn't as good as the ones in Vegas. The one in Beverly Hills is pretty good but I'm not a fan of that pretentious area.If you're in Vegas, stop by and power up with some delicious sandwiches.
I have been coming here since I was a kid. I hbe find memories of El Pollo Loco and family discussions around the dinner table. Flame grilled chicken and fresh tortillas always make for good eats. I have never been into a dirty Resteraunt and I have never had an order messed up. But I must say the drive thru at this location takes forever! Literally over 15 minutes every time I come. Even with only a few cars in front of me. I don't know what the hold up is all the time or if language barriers are an issue but El Pollo Loco needs to figure it out... At least at this location.
Best Thai I've had since Ban Kruit on the Gulf coast of Thailand.  Great tom kah yum and Panang curry.
Always good, Tom - Yum - Koong soup is fantastic!Service is always awesome. Happy they have added more tables.  We never get enough of the red curry. I have them on speed dial in the car so I can pick it up while I'm out shopping and wala it ready when I get there!
The facts; average nevada bar, they have good bar food, service good, people can smoke, good place to watch sports... not cheap not expensive.I really wish yelp would change the star system.  This place is better than a 3 star but I just can't give this a 4 star!  Damn it... I am changing it to a 4 star. No I am staying on three.  Three stars means "a-ok."  Four stars means "Ya I'm a Fan."  To be honest this is just a good place to have a beer and maybe some above average bar food.  With that being said I just can't say --- "Ya I'm a Fan."  So, I guess I can say it is "A-ok."  Comparatively speaking though it is better than other bars that get 3 star ratings and as good as a bar that gets 4 star ratings...  This is a dilema for me.I guess what keeps this place from being 4 or even 5 stars are 2 things.  First, I was there with 2 buddies, we had 2 apps and some beers.  The tab was $120.  No shots or excessive drinking were talking some draught beer.  Maybe that is just the going rate these days but It rubs my rhubarb the wrong way.  Also, and this is no detriment just an observation, but it is nothing special.  Kinda boring in there.  Like I said; it is not a bad thing just nothing to blow my skirt up.
The outside atmosphere and view of the lake were lovely. The wine shop well stocked with a nice variety and wide range of prices.I had the escargot and was very disappointed. Very bland flavor lacking garlic and wine. The seared scallops were cooked perfectly and accompanying vegetables were sparse but tasty.My son had the French Onion Soup, another big disappointment. The beef stock was too beefy and overbearing, almost had a tomato flavor (how they did that we can't figure out). The cheese was a weak gruyere, if it even was gruyere. His steak was served rare as asked for, but the sauce was a little runny and not what he expected. The bleu cheese was blended into the sauce and would have been better in visible chunks on the filet.My husband was happy with the foie GRAS and with his duck.But when the coffee came with half and half in tiny  pre-packaged containers, that did it. Where was the Creme? The menu is French influenced, but I have a hard time considering this a truly French restaurant.
Their chicken taste like pork? Awful music along with the food.
The star rating states "Meh" and Meh is about right.  I met friends here on a Friday night.  It was VERY loud.  We were glad outdoor patio seating was available because inside was too loud to be able to actually carry on a conversation.  It was clear the waitress was more interested in the bachelorette and birthday party tables near us then our little table of four.  Food is very pricey for what you get.  I ordered a shrimp appetizer and it was very clear they were frozen and low quality shrimp thawed and tossed on some poor quality salad.  The tortilla soup was pretty tasty, but not worth the price.  Drinks were extremely expensive for what you got.  My sangria was $10 and was very watered down.  The same glass at most other bars would have been half the price.Overall, there are so many places that are much better than Bar Louie, even right in Station Square.  Do yourself a favor and visit one of those places instead.
Another restaurant visit inspired by Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Went with my friend while visiting her in Charlotte. Was very excited to try their fish tacos and was not let down!The meal started with their unique corn salsa, a delicious mix of corn kernels, green bell pepper and tomoatoes served with tortilla chips.For lunch I ordered their Tuna tacos with a honey wasabi sauce which was served with a side of mashed potatoes mixed with jalapeno peppers sliced in and cheese. The tacos were excellent with plenty of tuna and the wasabi sauce was unique, tasty and had the right amount of kick to it. While mashed potatoes are not usually thought of as a Mexican side dish, they were delicious and the jalapenos and cheese really added to their flavor. The whole meal washed down with a local Charlotte craft beer was the perfect lunch on a cold winter afternoon!
Appetizers were good and at a fair price. Those of us that had hibachi for dinner found that the quality was fine but it was way overpriced!For a starter of dumplings and a main dish of chicken and shrimp hibachi, my tab was $40. I might return to this place if it was half that price.
So its a rainy Sunday, I am totally hungover and the husband is hungry. I say there is a box of mac and cheese in the cupboard...or we can go to Denny's. We haven't been to Dennys since we discovered Matt's Big Breakfast about 4 years ago. There were about 5 other groups ahead of us, yet we only waited maybe all of 5 minutes. We were seated quickly and our server was there pretty fast. We knew what we wanted so we put our total order in. Our food came out quick, and I cant really complain, it is Denny's after all... what do you expect? Well, the table to the right of us must have thought they were at Ruth's Chris, cause they sure as hell were acting like it. 3 rather well behave little girls, a very old man, and the mother with her rather exposed bosom's and talking as loud as she could. She sent back THREE different plates of food. She ordered a side salad, and then complain about that quality of it as they were charging her "$3 for this little salad" When the server told her it was only $1.99 she shut her trap, apparently $1 make a difference when you are dealing with salads and ghetto people. Our lunch was good, but having to sit next to these people and endure her asinine complaining really brought down our rainy Sunday lunch. I felt sooo bad for the waitress, but she never snapped at this woman, she took it like a champ. Anyway...its Denny's you go here when you are hungover, not for a high class meal.
It's like they took all the worst employees at surrounding fast food restaurants and stuck them here. They've gotten one out of 5 drive through orders right. Don't go here
I had my rehersal dinner here for my wedding.  I had a lot of people coming in from out of town and staying at the Vally Ho so we chose this place because it was within walking distance.  I must say I was hesitant because I went with my then fiance (now husband) for dinner one night just to check it out and I was not impressed with the food.  However my very large group was so well accomodated, I couldn't have asked for more.  I would hightly recommend getting the hors d'oeurves packages that they offer.  A great price and something for everyone, they can get a plate and munch at bar tops with drinks while talking to everyone.  It was like having a bar with drinks and food just for my wedding party and family.  A truly great experience and I look forward to using this restaurant in the future for any event that requires a great atmosphere with great food and great service, for a large party.
The staff is hit and miss. Some of the waitresses are very nice, but when this place is busy some of the waitresses are just plain rude. The food is just okay for the price. Just expect regular diner food. Nothing special but good comfort food. Recommend the eggs Benedict, taco salad and huevos rancheros. Very cute and different place to try.
If I could give a 0 for this McDonald's I would.  This seriously is the WORST, I mean very WORST fast food place ever.  They hire really lame employees and do not properly stock their supplies.We've been here a few times and we know how McDonald's food tastes, not real great, but this one is way subpar.  I remember one time and this was over a year ago, we ordered a bunch of stuff for a family of four.  They told us they didn't have everything cook and had us pull around and wait.  We were in the drive-thru.  So, we did.Nearly 1/2 hr goes by.  We see people enter the place and leave the place with food, but still ours wasn't done.  I finally went in and asked about it.  They said, oh, sorry.  We got the food and when I went back to the car to check, the food was fricken' cold.Are you serious?  I went back in and asked for a refund, which they didn't want to give me a refund, but finally they did.  We left the place really hungry, no food, and very aggravated.Several times, this was the closest McDonald's and we needed ice.  I tell you, 100% of the time, they were always out of bags of ice.  Really?  I've actually never been to a McDonald's where they ran out of ice.  If you don't sell, ice, then why advertise for it?We honestly thought maybe they were having an off day, but there have been maybe a couple other times where we got the food and it tasted like it had been sitting for hours under some heat lamp.  Ugggh.  So, though this McDonald's is the closest to where we live, if we need ice or some fast food, we make sure never to go to this one again.  The people are beyond unintelligent and totally lack customer service.Whomever is the owner for this franchise needs to do a better job of selecting their people and seeing that they provide good customer service and follow good protocols as the rest of the McDonald's.  At this point, it's a joke between my husband and I about this McDonald's and I don't even know how they stay in business.  They definitely are not following McDonald's standards for how to run a business.
No wonder why this restaurant get's some of the best reviews! I ate here a couple nights ago and I must say that this has got to be one of the best restaurants in town! I originally booked my reservation on Opentable.com and everything went smooth! No complaints on that portion! Let's get down to business.. Service : WONDERFUL! Upon arrival my party was greeted promptly by a very friendly hostess and seated quickly (Always A Plus!) The ambiance of this place is nothing short of romantic and classy! I love the lighting around the building and the candle lit tables! We had an awesome waiter named Jerry! Very helpful as far as making suggestions on what to eat and also knowledgeable about the different menu items! I originally ordered a Mojito (Terrible) so I had them switch out for the Roy's Mai Tai (Too sweet) and finally settled with a regular Margarita (Excellent). For the appetizer we went the "Sunrise At Haleakala" Yamahuchi Sushi Roll! If you love fish, you will LOVE this! Entrees: Shellfish Sampler & Surf & Turf.. No complaints on either dish! Very well prepared and the presentation was lovely! Desert we ordered chocolate soufflé another great choice of dessert if you are a chocolate lover! 5-Stars across from me!!!
Came here because I wanted to check out a salad bar.  I love salad!  I would say it is just an average salad bar place.  Got some broccoli cheddar soup that tasted good but nothing spectacular.  I don't know if I would frequent this joint but it's an okay spot for a quick average lunch!
omg I guess any restaurant with a long line is a good one! Specially a mexican restaurant with a lot of hispanic patrons!The food was SO good, like more orgasm on a plate. The tortilla were handmade, really really good! I stuffed my cheeks till i couldnt move.The Margaritas were a little too sweet for me... I still prefer the ones at dona marias. But the food here... to die for!
Love their subs. Cheap and top shelf ingredients.
Half the fun is the wait.....If you are going to go, you may as well get into it. We get into it, at their Italian place next door and drink tons of wine. L and I later that night had a hot kiss and she lost her precious earrings. I even drove back the next day to look for them somewhere against the wall. Just kissing, but hot, if you lose earrings.We went twice once alone, and the 2nd time with her sons and friends. We ordered every pizza imaginable. It seems almost every high end pizza now, is brick oven and more about the crust. I like everyone else will mention, I am from the East Coast and know pizza. Best in the United States, we have several that are at that level. You can flip a coin on which one is better.
Just left the Great Dane in Fitchburg.  We ate on the patio.  Food was OK,  but we were in a smoker's convention.  Most people around us, and at the outside bar were smokers.  I would recommend that the hostess inform guests at the time of seating that smoking is allowed in that area.  You would at least know in advance before being seated and ordering.  We have been there several times in the past but had always sat inside until this evening.  Now we know better.  Our clothes and hair smell like smoke, and we are stuffed up.  Beth & Dave
The atmosphere is fun and authentic. The good was very good and exactly what I thought a pub should offer. The beer selection was superb if you are a real beer drinker. If your favor beer is PBR or Miller lite you won't notice a difference. Anyways the energy is incredible and for as packed as it was on a Friday night it still only took 15 minutes to be seated. Staff is very friendly and the service is quick.
Every time a friend comes into town I take them here. They have THE MOST FUN THING EVER. ITS THE ICE CREAM CHALLANGE.It's sounds scary, no, you don't have to eat twenty two pounds of ice cream in three minutes or you get beaten by a gang of old ladies on rascals,Instead you get 16 tiny scoops of ice creams and sorbets and you have to identify the flavors. And everyone I brought, who thought, I don't even want ice cream now- do we have to do this! (And they ALL did) ended up being so competitive and into it, I got the added benefit of an "I told you so" jab. Woohoo!The flavors are seasonal and change everyday so it's never boring.My record is 12 correct guesses and I'm determined to win before I die.The reason that I went low on the stars was because the last time that I was there (and I always go when it's not busy, either way before dinner or way after) our waitress was so incredibly rude.she kept pointing out how busy she was (we didn't ask for anything except for the ice cream). Part of the fun of the challenge is they give you a blank "map" to fill out and when your done, your server reads then out like a teacher after your science quiz.On this time, she just tossed the answer key onto the table and started to walk away, and I finally said something. I said I've done this six times and our server always reads out the answers, and again she listed how busy she was and couldn't be bothered. WE WERE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN HER SECTION AND THERE WERE ONLY SIX OTHER PEOPLE IN THE ENTIRE RESTAURANT. Plus, watching her, she wasn't actually doing anything except talking to the bartender.I will still go back because I must win, but I think I would go even after I win because it is really fun. The flavors can be quite unique too.Word on the street is, less than ten people have won.I MUST WIN.
I have seen tons of shows here, they have some cool deals for locals like half off drinks and waived ticket fees. It is in Mandalay Bay and they always have great bands coming through here. I have seen Rancid, Motorhead, Bad Religion, Bad Brains, and a few other shows there this year. Good times!
Do not go here. This buffet has gone down hill with quality since they first opened. Cooked Fish options were ice cold and our fried chicken was raw in the middle.. Management did not want to acknowledged our complaints and were just blatantly rude. Stay away you'll find better food elsewhere
Best sushi in Vegas...let your waiter choose your sushi...they know whats best and the secret rolls! Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
This was some great Dim Sum! Everything was fresh, hot and delicious. Service was gracious as well as polite. We didn't have one bad dish.My biggest complaint? Because we arrived so early, they seemed to only have desserts ready & those kept coming around quite readily in the beginning. They didn't seem to start bringing out the savory dishes til about 15-20 minutes after they opened.My recommendations? If you arrive early, be patient & wait about 20 minutes til the dishes really start coming out. If not, then show up about 30 minutes after they open, just be prepared to wait.The challenge? Their Servers are all Chinese, which is great, however with all of the noise, hearing them through the noise & their accents was a challenge.Definitely a go to spot from now on!
I thought I'd review this place as I've been watching soccer games here. This is a sports bar. There are a million screens to watch all kinds of sports on from all different spots. The place is fairly large, with 2 bars, booths and tables, an outdoor seating area with misters and TVs, and some back rooms that seem to have enormous TVs set up. I've sat at the bar all times I've been (during the day) and have received pretty prompt service. They only have 1 beer on tap, and not a huge selection, which seems strange for a sports bar. Their food is also mediocre at best; I had a salad that was only OK, and boneless chicken wings that were less than OK. The real draw here is all the sports broadcasting. They had both soccer games up on screens next to each other last time I went, so we could easily go back and forth between the games. I would say that this is the bar's redeeming quality.Pros: Good place to WATCH sports, lots of TVs           Friendly serversCons: Food and beer
Breakfast here is not to be missed. Kelli was a great waiter and we were pleased with the quality of the huge portions. This is a must dine establishment at least once.
Try the wings. Seriously.
Pizza good . Wings good . Now the RR can use a little up GRADE ! OMG  I was sitting and felt like I was sinking to the ground and the seats very uncomfortable.  Felt like I was sitting on a 4x4 wood board . Other then that the 3stares for good food , would have giving four Starr but in desperate need of a make over . Can we say call restaurant impossible for help !
Not bad at all.  Was in the area, so I stopped by for pizza. Went at lunch time the other day and it was fairly empty.  Saw a Northtown police officer eating there along with some other government-looking employees.  The woman filling the drinks wasn't very friendly but the waitress was pretty good.   It was far from the best I've had, but it's worth another try. Nice amount of cheese, the crust was good, but the ends were a little dry.
Authentic Italian deli in the UNLV area. What to expect!- good food served with a slight attitude at a so so price.  Had the spaghetti and meat balls which were very tasty but only 2 small meatballs for 9.99 at a hole in the wall in the hood? That was surprising. Would still recommend for a long lunch but not a date atmosphere
I am a frequent customer and have been for years. I went in one summer day to fulfill my cravings for their famous BBQ chicken with rice to go. Daniel (Danny), who did the order taking, did not offer me a greeting and had a monotone voice. Not even a smile was shown. It was like talking to a robot. He clearly did not feel like being there at all. When my order was ready, my food wasn't sealed properly and was slid from the register area to the end of the counter where I was at. He didn't even offer me a thank you or farewell. I just left right away because I was starving. It wasn't busy at all, only one other customer there.When I reached home, I opened my to go box and found out there was no rice at all, just the mac salad along with my chicken. I was so disappointed. I went back to l&l to get my order fixed. As no surprise, I received no greeting from Daniel again. I told him about my rice that was supposed to come with my meal. He gave me a "sigh" right in front of my face and turned around and scooped rice and placed it in my to go box. No apology was given when he returned the box. Just quickly turned around and went about his business. When I returned home, I opened my box and found a 1/2 scooped rice in my box. Not even a full scoop was given to me after I drove all the way back there. It is quite clear Daniel (Danny) isn't paying close attention. Not only is he rude, he is an example who will drive l&l customers away from the restaurant. He ruined my whole experience and I will never come back there. I encourage all l&l customers to stay away from that establishment. I would give this place "Zero" stars if I could because of Daniel.The company should FIRE Daniel. He is not a good example of an L&L employee. The total opposite actually.
A hidden gem that serves salads, sandwiches, and has a great dessert selection at reasonable pricesIf you're looking for a place to grab a tasty and healthy lunch, check out Bertha's Cafe! Just be aware that seating is limited and there will likely be a line.
Oh my gosh...this place sticks. Who are you newbs that are giving this place such high ratings? It's Taco Bell with a bar. Have you folks never been to Mexico, know Mexicans, ate at good Mexican rest? Yelp lets me down every once and awhile. The black beans seemed canned, the rice was dry and the taco meat was...well poor quality (see pic), I spit out as much as I ate. The chips and salsa were the highlights and they were average. Go to Si Senor in or Los Dos Molinos...trust me.
Holy f**k their sandwiches are pretty damn good! I touched down in Vegas last Thursday around 2PM and I was f**king hungry. Since my friends and I were staying in Paris, I remember this place had opened up in Planet Hollywood, but I never got around to going. Thanks to Jeffrey L. and Clarisse C., I was reminded of this place too. So I made the short walk from Paris to try this out. I liked the fact that the line wasn't long at all, but there were a fair amount of customers. For a little over 6 bucks, I started off with the Montagu. I also like the efficiency on how orders are made, with the two separate order/pickup sections, and the ability to see your sandwich being made. Little did I know that this sandwich would pack a lot of flavor. There was a fair portion of ingredients in between the bread, and the bread itself was perfectly baked. I savored every bite, but apparently I enjoyed this place so much I ended up buying 7 sandwiches over the course of the weekend, 2 of them which I brought home that following Sunday. Over the weekend, I also tried the Italian/Scudetto and the club. I really think any sandwich here will hit the spot. You also get your money's worth, and for Vegas, its kinda cheap. Who needs the buffets? Actually, I do like buffets, but Earl's is the spot to go when you're on a budget. Try this place for the bread alone. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Though I wish they had a location in the Bay Area, I like its exclusivity and I also would like to preserve its novelty. Word. Cheerio.
The All-American was like a Thanksgiving dinner in your mouth.The Full Montagu had some good beef.Hot sandwiches in Las Vegas for under $6? Nice!Chips are cheap too. Delicious soup that just hits the spot.This place is easily a Vegas hot spot. Just goes to show the glitz isn't always necessary to be infamous in its own right.This place has definitely saved lives from becoming another victim of the Vegas mess.
We stayed at PH and found this little gem of a sandwich shop! They are open 24/7. So good!!! Especially the Holiday Turkey sandwich. My only complaint, there isn't a shop in San Diego.
Arrived at 6 pm last night, 2 tables left, but not for long. Always graciously greeted by Kelly, Conrad and company.  Excellent, efficient, knowledgeable staff-always. Sorry to hear that Sam went on to bigger and better things, I think. Now for the real good stuff. Master chef comes through again with a flat bread special with NC shrimp-absolutely delicious. I hate to admit that I got the sliders again-so hard to resist. Paired perfectly with a $30 bottle of Orchis.You need to give the best wine bar and restaurant a try, you won't be disappointed.
My sister and I found this restaurant through Groupon. Our first impression was good... Adorable ambiance, delicious looking case of gelato, large inviting patio.  We were greeted by a sloppy surly man, who we later found out is the owner Andy. We were seated on the patio along with the only other customer.  We started off by ordering a bottle of sparking water. "You guys don't want any wine?!" said Andy abruptly. Uh no thanks.  Next we ordered dinner.  My sister is vegetarian, so we were ordering meatless options this evening.  We ordered a selection of bland, boring, typical food. For some reason Andy seemed confused that we wanted to share a few items.  The food came... Andy dropped it and ran off.  We were sharing so we wanted plates. We waited for a long time. No Andy.  I went into the restaurant to ask for plates and some salt&pepper. Andy seemed confused. "why do you need plates? I don't get it. You eatin it like Chinese food or something?!?" He brought the plates and the salt & pepper and said "You know you really shouldn't put anything on it until you taste it." Thanks for the words of wisdom.  We ate our depressing display of  cuisine in hopes that dessert would help this disaster. We waited, and waited, and waited, and waited some more( Andy was busy sitting at the other customer's table talking all night).  By the time he finally got around to clear our plates we were so ready to get the heck outta there we decided to skip dessert. NEXT CAME THE ICING ON THE POORLY MADE CAKE:I decided to tell Andy how I felt about the poor service.  As a person in the customer service industry, I know I would appreciate the polite constructive criticism.  He was apparently OUTRAGED by the comments. He proceeded to argue with us about every comment we had.  He even went so far as to walk into the restaurant to yell to his co-workers about my apparently salacious comments.  He told me the balance of our Groupon tab was on him. I left cash on the table for it anyway.  He then chased us into the parking lot to try and give the money back.  When I refused he yelled "I don't want this I will donate it to charity!!!" WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Save yourself some time and don't go here. So many good places around here and this place just isn't one.
(Seems like someone merged/mangled/messed up the mansion and L'Atelier reviews, so I moved mine over to the new Robuchon reviews)unfortunately I can't put down 10 stars...definitely best meal (for restaurants) so far in my life.I'll write a comprehensive review later.
This place always serves up tasty American/pub-style food, with decent service and speed.  The only down-side is they can be pretty noisy because of the sports people yelling at TVs during games, but avoid those times and it's a nice place.  The wings are tasty and there are a few good beers on tap.One of the few places in the area where you can smoke a cigar on the patio.
Again, coming from Toronto, this place falls short of what Toronto has.  Most places in TO will have specialty dim sum dishes that sets them apart from others but,  this place had nothing special.   We were there for about 1. 5 hr, waiting for duck feet and beef tripe.   Restaurant they not serve those items for some reason. Not many dessert items at all. But food was not that bad... if I was in mood for dim sum and in the Montreal area,  I guess I would come back.Price was reasonable I guess.
Crazy good.There are too many dishes here that I like.  its a staple for me when I am in montreal. Crab, yellow curry, eggplant to name a phew all top my list.The owner is a really nice man who has on multiple occasions kept his kitchen and restaurant open for just me and my friends/coworkers who came in late from a late flight.  The staff are friendly and seem to enjoy working there, which translates into a great environment.  Oh, and their soups are ridiculously good...and when you're in montreal and it's freezing its the perfect soup to wake you up...especially with some hot sauce!
The sushi I had was pretty solid, and they were great at accommodating my allergy to salmon by replacing it with crab.  Service was fast and friendly and all of our food was delicious.
fish taco friday!!!!!!that is all.
Nice restaurant in North Lake Mall.  Service was good and the food was decent.  I would say this place is comparable to a Carrabbas Italian Grill.  I went to Bravos as part of a group for a year end appreciation dinner.  Someone else picked up the tab so I can't complain too much.I don't know that any of the food was memorable enough to bring me back, unless of course the meal is free again.  That said, the food was decent, but there are better options.
Well now that I've been there about a dozen times, I suppose I should write a review. Since there are so many already, I'll keep it short.Only go there during happy hour. It's a ripoff the rest of the time. Get there early and get your fill of tasty beers and appetizers. This is an excellent choice before catching a concert next door. They have Rogue Hazelnut Brown and Chimay on tap, and 120+ more. Try the Hawaiian poke stack.That is all.
Good food and fine people.  There breakfast is awesome, but their catering could be better.  I was very happy with the food, but my family was rather disappointed.  Go there for breakfast first and explore from there.
The nicest staff you will ever meet! Genuinely greeted by everyone that worked there, all smiles, same thing when we left. Denver omelet was great, cheese both inside and on top. French Toast was also great! Highly recommend to anyone.
I went to the Cornish Pasty Company for the first time today on recommendation from a friend who loves the restaurant.  I ordered the "Mexican" which was absolutely delicious.  The spices, steak, potatoes, cheese were all perfectly balanced.  The pasty came with a side of salsa and sour cream, but the pasty was just perfect as is.  No salsa or sour cream needed.  My husband ordered the pesto chicken.  It was pretty good.  I sampled his item and he ate part of mine.  His was pretty good, but we both agreed that the Mexican was the best.  Like with the Mexican, the pasty came with marinara sauce.  I tried it, but it overwhelmed the wonderful flavor of the chicken and pesto.  Plus, the marinara sauce and the salsa both tasted like they came out of a jar, so to put them on a pasty seemed not right at all.  We also ordered the garlic oven chips (fries)--first mistake!  I LOVE garlic and add it in just about everything I eat.  The fries were just too overwhelming with salt and garlic.  We could not eat them.  We took them home to our teenagers, who eat anything, and they agreed that they were too salty and had too much garlic.  I am quite certain, based on my friend's review, that my fries/chips were accidentally dosed with extra garlic.  She claims they were the best, but mine were not edible.  After trying the fries, I did not like the mashed potatoes either which tasted like they had too much garlic.  They probably didn't, but it was hard to get the garlic flavor out of my mouth.  I sampled the potatoes within 5 minutes of them arriving, and they were just warm.  The cheese on top had already hardened.  I think that definitely took away from the potatoes.  Like with the fries, we brought the potatoes home, and the teens ate them no problem and claimed that they did not have too much garlic.  As for us adults, we will definitely order a pasty or two again.  I will probably try the garlic chips again just because my friend can't be wrong.... and maybe those potatoes too.  Hopefully they will come out with melted, gooey cheese next time.
I've been to OTB more times than I can count. Why?-Good daily specials-Small, but good selection of rotating draft beer-Cheap beer options ($2 PBR pounders) when I don't want to break the bank.-Several good vegetarian options (burgers, seitan wings, portabella / tofu tacos, salads)-It's not a foodie joint, but the food is good, and there are lots of healty options to balance out the menu's traditional bar fare.-Cyclist Friendly, bike parking, a few tubes, lock, and pump available on request. It's a watering hole frequented by a lot of the pittsburgh cycling community. It's a welcoming place for events as well.  They host fundraisers, parties, and it's used as a launching place for several weekly rides.  There is definitely a large crowd of good regulars who are always there regardless of what else is going on. Good community, good beers, and good food are what keep me coming back.
5 star service and food in a comfortable cafe setting. Upon arrival the AC was really cranking, so I wrapped my cardi snug to my body and nuzzled close to boyfriend.  Diane (AKA superstar server) immediately noticed and told me that she had just reduced the AC, so it would take just a moment for the icy winds to subside.  I love this woman!!!  Normally, I just have to eat quickly or sip hot tea to prevent freezing.  Did I mention that Diane was taking care of the entire restaurant? And she has time to notice a frosty customer? The food is nothing short of amazing.  We shared the antipasto salad, which was an über fresh yumfest.  They also offer fresh bread with extra virgin olive oil & vinegar.When our food came to the table I was still enjoying the antipasto, so Diane asked if she could keep my dish warm in the kitchen for me.  Why, yes please you sweet, sweet server of bliss.  The provolone cheese is quite possibly the best I've ever tasted.  Boyfriend ordered the Chicken Parm Sandwich -- holy freaking huge, in size and flavor.  I tried the Spaghetti Bolognese, which was just amazing.  Fresh pasta seasoned with fresh herbs topped with fresh parmigiano.  I added a little EVOO from the table, which was  just bliss.
Was underwhelmed. I ate there twice while staying at the Aria and the only reason I went the second time is because I had a food credit. Wouldn't recommend it to an enemy. Most of the food wasn't at the correct serving temperature, some items tasted like it was cooked some synthetic oil, and the variety left so much to be desired!
Buffet snobs can boo and hiss all they like, I don't' care; I like buffets and that's that!  Unless it happens to be pretty crappy - like this one.   Holy moses - what a difference a mere six months make.  Less than a year ago this buffet would have been rated 4 stars - now it's barely worth half of that.  Presentation absolutely sucks.  You serve yourself out of these crazy saucepans that are all the rage now, you know, the kind grandma used to have - except the cooking is nowhere near as good.  The whole thing is clumsy and impractical - you have to keep lifting lids- placing them on the side, taking the food, replacing the lid back again and rinse and repeat over and over.  It's annoying, it's inconvenient and a great way to make sure you are so frustrated you just bypass those damned pots altogether.  Perhaps this is a sneaky trick to make us eat less - that must be it - they're looking out for our health! There are lots of different stations but none really wow - it's like they've tried to specialize in every kind of cuisine out there without really nailing a single one.  There are the Mediterranean and Italian sections serving the usual suspects, all average quality - nothing that truly stands out, there is Indian food which turned out to be just okay too, an Asian section, where other than noodles, not much else is worth noting, a carving station which is actually pretty good but when we asked for the cuts to be heated on the grill for a few seconds they said they couldn't because the chef had asked for the grill to be turned off - ONE HOUR BEFORE closing time!  Ridiculous.  In fact, while we were in the line waiting to get in, again more than an hour before closing time, someone from the kitchen actually came over and right in front of all the waiting guests, asked the hostess if they should replenish the food!  Clearly the level of professionalism at this place knows no bounds.For an establishment to charge so much per person and then do such a half-assed job is really disappointing.  If you do fancy a buffet in the city center area, your money is better spent at the Cosmopolitan.   Two stars on the strength of the dessert and ice cream options which were admittedly great, otherwise thoroughly unimpressive. Okay, rant over.
I was really skeptical about this place, considering it's a big chain. One of my buddies works here and has been hounding me to come in visit. So I finally did last night. I was pretty impressed. The decor is pretty hip, just like the casino itself. They had a separate menu for some specials they had. We ended up ordering from that menu. For an appetizer we have bacon wrapped jalapeno's. I thought this was gonna be a run of the mill popper, but it was actually a whole jalapeno stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. It was AMAZING! And super spicy, which is how I like it! For dinner, I had the filet mignon and asked to add on blue cheese, which was not a problem at all. It was super good. My boyfriend got the fish n' chips, which is odd cause he hates seafood, but he enjoyed it. The drinks are kind of pricey, but hey, it's the strip so it's not uncommon. My friend gave us a deal on the food, which even sweetened the whole dinner!
My husband and I frequent Hillside.  We started off just going for breakfast (great breakfast burritos, by the way!) and then decided to try out their dinners.  Their food is awesome!  I've liked just about everything I've tried, with the exception being the fish tacos, and even those weren't bad, just mediocre.  Our favorites there are the guacamole as an appetizer, the carne asada torta (My husband raves about this one.), the chicken sandwich, and the salads.  Their fries are amazing, especially if you ask for a side of their homemade ranch.My complaint with Hillside is the service.  On a few occasions, we've gotten waiters that aren't particularly friendly and forget to check in on us to see if we need anything.  And during peak times, they sometimes have dropped the ball and forgotten to bring out appetizers or drinks.  That being said, we look past the occasionally lackluster service and still dine their frequently.  The food keeps us going back.  Oh, and try the chocolate chip cookies!Also... they have half-price bottles of wine on Wednesdays, ribs on Thursdays and craft beer night is also that night.
Had a very enjoyable evening with friends.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Had the grilled calamari in tomato sauce:  a little saltier than usual.  I also had the linguine with white clam sauce.  Good chunks of clams; but mix with a little less oil next time.  A friend had the beet salad which is always amazing.  Il burloni hits the nail on the head with its salads.  Chcoloate snowball cake did not have a lot of flavor, either in the white icing or the chocolate cake.  French press coffee was very good.
Wonderful svc, the food was Aw3s0me we had the clam chowder in a bread bowl. It's yummy buttery and garlicky! breaded fried zucchini half order and onion rings half order hot do be careful the zucchinies take way to long to cool. My hubby ordered the natural burger with bacon he loved it! One of our party forgot to order but the wait staff got her the order and brought her change back as well. Sup@ place to just hang and talk, oh and get this the serve breakfast FRENCH TOAST! :0)
My buddy, Jeff K., gave this place glowing reviews and recently got me to go and try the burger. wow. Places like Fez, Switch, Stax, etc, seem to rely on the sauce and fixin's...Zinburger relies on its meat.  They LEGITIMATELY "cook to order" and the toppings are fairly simple...nothing new...but the quality of meat makes the burger as "mouth-wateringly" delicious as a burger can be.It doesn't get my full five stars, because paying a minimum of $10 for a burger (and NOTHING ELSE on the plate) is a bit ridiculous in a town where quality burgers are being sold on specials for between $3 and $5 WITH fries or salads!Methinks the Fox restaurants are just a TINY bit pretentious.
Nothing to write home about. It's your typical low budget buffet. I wasn't expecting to see an elaborate spread so I really didn't have high expectations. I should've lowered my "low" expectation. The reviews are mixed so we must've picked an off day to eat dinner here. Nothing really stood out expect for the pizza alfredo which the pizza guy hand tosses and makes from scratch. Everything else was just blah. The roast beef was dry and tasteless. When the guy served it me, he practically flung it on my plate and looked angry. When I asked for the au jour sauce, he acted like it was inconveniencing him. I was handing him the bowl to put the sauce in but he ignored the bowl, grabbed my plate and dumped the sauce all over my food! Literally. I mean he didn't just put it on the meat, he put it all over my whole plate. Sheesh, who does that? My plate and the rest of my food was drenched. The fried chicken which was now drenched in that sauce was also tasteless. The mashed potatoes were good, not fantastic but good and yes they were drenched in that dumb sauce too. Like I mentioned the pizza alfredo was really good. Even though it was drenched in that stupid sauce, I really liked it. In fact that's all I ate after that.As for deserts. it looked very good but looks can deceive. The pastry guy was putting out new deserts and me being one who likes to talk to anyone (annoying right) told him the deserts looked awesome and asked him if they were made in house. He said they weren't and that they were bought at a store! LOLOLOLOLOLZ! OEM! I would never admit that. I did have a good laugh though. The deserts were dry. Nothing special. Will I go back here? Probably not, oh wait, we did go back for breakfast which was pretty good. You can order your eggs how ever you want them. I ordered over medium and asked for 1 egg but the guy misunderstood me and made two. Not a biggie, but the funny thing is, he kept dumping the eggs and making new ones because he didn't like the way they had turned out. I kept telling him it was ok, but I guess he was a bit of a perfectionist...lol. Gotta love Vegas.
Unique burgers with an Asian twist. The meat quality and toppings were all very fresh  and varied. I had the Miyagi-San burger ($14), which had fried egg, fried onions, bacon, and an interesting sauce. The buns were very fresh and collapsed easy.One thing I wasn't a huge fan of were the oxtail chili cheese fries ($12). They tasted like generic chili cheese fries and the fried egg was a tad overcooked, resulting in less yolk. Further, you could not really taste any of the oxtail.The Parmesan truffle fries were solid. The sauce that accompanied them was delicious.I am rating Bachi Burger 5 stars due to how unique the burgers are and the overall quality. Expect to pay about $25 for a share of appetizer and a burger. Everything is ala cart as well, so be sure to take that into account. Great food, nice service. I would go back here.
Second time in---- yum to the veggie Quinoa burger. Wow!
This is by far my favorite place to go for a buffet.  The selection is quite large for the islands, sushi, and Hibachi.  There always seems to be the same 2 guys on the grill every time we go so they know what they are doing.  The location is large, but they pack the tables in.  There always seems to be a line even with the two rooms in the back for seating.  I recommend getting a booth if there is only 2 of you.  The tables are very close to accommodate 8 people and just pulled a little for 4 or less.  My recommendation for eating is make a trip to the Hibachi station first.  Drop your food off (pay attention to where it is at on the grill) and go get your sushi or other food, drop off at your table and go back to station to wait on the cooks.  He will point at your food and you order your sauce (I am a fan of Hibachi and Garlic) and he will plate it up for you.  Repeat as necessary.
I really don't know what the hype is for this ramen place. This is my second time here because I thought I would give this place another try. Perhaps this is the best ramen place in Vegas, but if it is, I feel sad that people who live here haven't truly experienced good ramen. The ramen noodles are overcooked and soggy. The broth does not taste like it has been cooked long enough with pork and chicken. If you like the type of broth that is not super thick though, this type of broth might be for you. Flavors seem to be added in after the fact rather than blended in. Something seems off about the whole ramen experience. I give it 2 stars because this place does try and has decent customer service.
Even though Samsun's always seems relatively busy after about 10 at night the food is never fresh and certainly the chip shop side leaves the nasty clinging feeling of grease in your mouth, not appealing in the least. The only thing I have found that is passible is the pakora, however even these are not the best. Concorde at near by Tollcross isn't open as late but the food is better...Samsun's survives I suspect on (uninformed) passing trade and kicking out time from the many bars in the area and from the Cav (Cavendish/Lava Ignite as was) night club...
Excellent food.  Had a variety of north, south Indian, and Hakka Chinese( Indian Chinese - Gobi Manchurian...) food.  Very tasty.  Loved the service.
When my mom flew in to Charlotte, i thought this would be a good place to take our guests. They both had breakfast and seemed to be satisfied. Mom claimed to really enjoy the potatoes.  Mattie's is just a cute little diner sort of plopped in the corner of the big parking lot in the NC Music Factory area. i went with lunch and ordered the meatloaf with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. i never knew i was a meatloaf fan, but this is definitely some delicious meatloaf. i had a sample at the Yelp gathering here and knew i wanted to try some more. This meal left me feeling nice and fat, in a good way. My only regret is we didn't try a milkshake this trip. Also at the Yelp gathering here, got to try the hot dog/bacon thing (something Tommy)  and would recommend trying that as well andi'm guessing the Spiked Elvis will be a hit someday. Service was friendly, prompt and actually seemed to enjoy being there which always makes for a more enjoyable experience.
Ya it's super delicious, like eating a frozen sweet cloud. The secret is to get it covered in condensed milk, try peach with condensed milk, tastes like those gummy peach rings, but better.They cater too, we had them come and park outside our house for our baby shower and it was a very reasonable price and was a huge crown pleaser.   Oh ya they are extremely friendly too.  Expect to wait a bit, the ice is shaved by hand, but it's worth it.
Me and the wife were getting tired of the old chain restaurant breakfast places like Denny's and IHOP. As well as the mostly crappy casino breakfast buffets In our area of Anthem Highlands.. Green Valley ranch buffet is just garbage and the M is a little better but still tastes like casino breakfast buffet food.. So i simply went to google and typed in best breakfast las vegas and Rise & Shine showed up on yelp with a solid 4 star rating, So we decided to give it a shot and i'm glad we did!! We showed up on a saturday morning around 1030am and were seated right away. The place seems clean and up to date with ipad registers.. The waitress came to our table within 3 minutes of us sitting there and took the drink orders and asked if we need a few minutes to look over the menu.. Upon her return I Ordered the Ultimate steak&eggs breakfast with the optional 3 eggs with a Pot of Bread" I didn't know what it was either so i just ordered it,.. Its basically a cinnamon roll baked in a small pot,.. The wife ordered the Belgian waffle platter with a side of hashbrowns.. The food came out piping hot after only about 15 minutes. The food was very delicious and the portions were decent. The ribeye had a very delicious spice rub that made the steak hardly require any steak sauce and it was very tender., Our drinks were also filled very promptly without even asking."A Pet Peeve of mine" I'm only knocking a star because the ribeye steak was a little on the thin side and i asked for Medium and it came out Medium Well. Also i asked for Over Medium eggs and they came out Over Easy. But Overall the food was Fantastic and we left full. $34 not including tip. We will definitely be returning.!
A good burger, but too expensive!  Great milkshakes too and decent fries, but for the same price-you can dine in at nearby Islands Restaurant for the same quality of food.
What a disappointment. As Priscilla (hiiiii Priscilla!! ) said below. It was my 21st birthday and I wanted to have dinner here with some close friends and family.Not only are the portions extremely small but when you ask a waiter/waitress about what an item is on the menu, it may not be what they described it to be.The service was horrible! The nerve of one of the waitresses to ask ME, THE BIRTHDAY GIRL if I'd like the cake now or later. First off, I didn't even know my sister went out of her way to get a cake for me and they ruin the surprise by not asking who the birthday girl is to make sure not to ask her (me).In fact, I think later on during the night, they still didn't know! They were about the put down the cake in front of my sister instead of me!The environment may be the only thing that is great about this place. You can't really complain about the price because well.. its Vegas! I would NOT recommend coming here unless its a small party and you don't really mind crappy service. Our group of 14 had to wait a good 40 minutes for the food to arrive, only to be looking at a half empty plate that cost $50.Overall:Food: B (The salmon was fresh everything else was meh)Service: FEnvironment: AWould I ever come back? NO!
Don't get the cocktails! I liked the salmon and the dates. Happy hour deal pulled us in. Food was good but not great. Considering that this place with the happy hour 30% off is much more economical than other places around the square, it's worth it on a budget,
My honey and I decided to check this place out for a Saturday nite dinner. There was a good crowd of patrons. An eclectic menu was cool with us. The food is nicely seasoned and we would return and try some of the other dishes. My only complaint was our server was just okay. Service could have been a notch better.
All you can eat sushi joints are all over Las Vegas, so how do you choose one and say it's your favorite? Fresh fish and a huge selection of non sushi dishes included in the AYCE.I love this place, fresh fish, tasty cold and warm dishes and friendly, fast service. The AYCE sushi menu includes a large selection of cold and warm dishes from udon to tofu salad to grilled pork belly. The udon broth is very delicious and soothing, I recommend ordering it toward the end of your meal after you've eaten all of the sushi. The sushi is fresh and quite tasty, I recommend the garlic tuna, garlic yellowtail, cajun albacore and sweet shrimp with the fried head on the side, (of course). The crispy tuna is also a must and the pickled plum hand roll is also delicious.This is one of my favorite AYCE sushi places, if I could, I'd go here 2-3 times a week. If you're looking for fresh sushi and reasonable prices, this is the place to go.
Best of the night: mussels, especially the broth. Also great was crispy pancetta wrapped shrimp. Pasta trio was outstanding - all house made.  The carpaccio was not good. Service was good. Atmosphere dead... It's a Monday night, but still we were the only ones there after 9pm.
Shopping the other day and stopped in for lunch.  I heard good things about Grimaldi's so I was curious.  The waiter was very nice and friendly.  I ordered the large Mediterranean salad to share.  The waiter was kind enough to inform us that a small salad would be plenty to share for two.  We also ordered a small pepperoni pizza to share.  They also have smaller personal pizzas if you want to go that route.Wow, the dressing on the salad was fantastic.  I was looking around to see if they sold it in a bottle to take home.  I was too busy and involved in eating this delicious salad and forgot to ask.  Then the pizza came...The small pizza was definitely enough for two to share.  This is the best pizza I have ever had.  No grease?? Thin crust. Pepperoni isn't even my favorite.  We managed to eat all of it except one piece.  I wanted to though, but I was too full.  I kept looking at it, contemplating.  This was a happy day!!
Much better grub than the MVP location!  Caesar makes some mean & spicy dogs.  The only problem is there are so many great dogs to choose that it can sometimes be difficult to make up your mind.  I've solved this issue by pretty much always ordering the Banh Mi Dog.  Okay, my only real gripe is I wish there was one closer to me in Green Valley.  I've never been disappointed with this place for a quick, cheap bite that's oh so delicious!
Authentic Mexican cuisine. Pretty good flavors. The pork al pastor leaves something to be desired. The salsa options are a huge plus.Clean place.Friendly staff.Cheap and fast.Certainly one of the best restaurants in Urbana, for whatever that's worth.
I'm gonna have to go against the grain compared to the negative reviews and rate this place a five star. Hands down, this is the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas! Not even close to the other Filipino restaurants in town.I've been here a few times for both lunch and dinner and the food was always great. The portion is big compared to the other Filipino restaurants which I'm very impressed with. We always order the Lechon Kawali which always comes crispy. The Pork Sisig was delicious. The Grilled Squid was out of this world! The Chicken Inasal was tender and flavorful. The only dish i did not like was the Palabok. The noodles were hard and the dish lacked flavor. Instead, order the Langonisa Fried Rice. You can't go wrong with fried rice.We've always had great service every time we come here. The servers are very friendly and attentive. The food will not be served as fast as if you were at a Chinese restaurant but the staff will check on you and refill your drinks.If you are on a diet, this is not the place to eat. Majority of the popular dishes here are deep fried. But, if you want to eat in the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas, this is the spot... and the karaoke nights on weekend is fun too.
We bought a Groupon or Living Social deal when this place first opened - we were excited a burger joint was opening so close to home. Service was friendly and fast.  Decor is nice - there's wood from an old barn, comfortable seating, exposed ceiling.  You order at the counter and food is brought out to your table - think Panera for burgers.The veggie burger was a frozen patty, I could have done the same thing at home. The real burger looked like a good, greasy burger - probably good for hangovers. Typical sides and milkshakes. It was food, nothing to write home about, but edible, doable food. Dessert was probably the best thing we ordered - little donut holes. We went back a second time and everything was the exact same. It's nothing special, but it is really fast. Probably will go again when we're in a hurry, but not really a place to take out of town guests!
I have tried this ale house/sports bar on more than one occasion and feel that they can step it up as far as menu selection.  The bar is a great place to watch a game and enjoy well selected beers on tap but don't expect to be satisfied with anything on the menu.
Amazing service amazing food. Just amazing!!!!!!!  Will only eat here when we visit Vegas
Have been here twice. The food and service gets better each time I eat here. Glad this "neighborhood gem" is close to where I live as I expect this will be a regular stop.
Came here on a whim and have continued to come back since. Great food, friendly service and the BEST vegan nachos EVER!!  Try the Jackfruit barbacoa and the French toast. YUM!  I am in love with this little hidden hem.
Seriously, awesome is all I can say. Chef Chris is so funny and friendly and he makes awesome sushi and sashimi! I used to love sushi narita in this same spot but I must say he out does them, awesome screaming o, great tuna sashimi  , this will for sure be a weekly visit, check them out you won't be sorry!
My boyfriend wanted to grab some healthy breakfast on our drive back home from Vegas. I saw that this place had tons of great reviews so we decided to check it out. When we walked in we were greeted by a waitress who was very friendly. She explained the menu and how the whole happy and healthy thing worked. Their menu is very diverse with lots of great options. I liked that they had a special vegetarian menu as well. I got the Liquid Defense Juice and my boyfriend got the Beet It Juice. We also ordered the Very Berry Strong Waffle and Vegwich. The portions here are generous and everything tastes delicious. The waffle came with a mint yogurt sauce which was different but also tasted amazing. I loved their spin on a classic berry waffle. If you are ever in the area this is definitely a must try! It's a pretty small restaurant so make sure you get there early for breakfast unless you want to wait a long time since seating is limited.
Perfection.
Two words: Soup dumplingsIn Chinese culture, dumplings are world in themselves. Having tried the steamed, fried and various dim-sum varieties I have been itching to try out the real soup dumplings of Shanghai for a while now. No, they are not dumplings in a soup, but rather soup inside of dumplings. The mystery is in the preparation, a mixture of meat, veggies and spices along with some fat are placed in the dumpling and closed up. Place the dumpling on hot steam, and the steam renders the fat into a delicious broth inside the dumpling. Whatever you do, don't bite into the dumpling straight away or else you're going to risk scalding your mouth. Rather, puncture a small hole and sip out the broth slowly and then eat the dumpling. I think this is the only place in Chinatown2 that makes the real thing. Go check it out and try it, you'll be hooked by the slurpy deliciousness.
This new brewery really has promise.The staff was great and really friendly.We sampled all six beers. I like the concept of each beer being named after a wilderness area in Arizona.High marks for their IPA. I'm not usually a fan of the hops but this was really balanced and drinkable.All of their beers had little quirks but I definitely like where they are going and what they are trying to do.We only tried the duck far fries. They were good but not super hot. Makes me think they were not made just for us but sat under a lamp for a few minutes.The inside area was pretty noisy, even though it wasn't that full.I'd definitely return to try their beers as they move forward.
The venue was fun and the food was pretty good but the service was below average. Bo, our server did not seem to pay any attention to us and getting anything (food order, water, check, etc) took forever!! I would probably come back for a concert but most likely not to eat.
