Really good stuff!! The custard was great! I loved it and when I am back in the old USA I can only hope I will cross paths with another culvers.You know what the thing is with culvers? You actually don't need that much, it's sort of like eating cake batter or cookie dough. You can only have so much before you start getting that sickly feeling and start stirring that plastic spoon around and staring down the custard and wondering why you dont wanna finish. Yeah it's custard and it's heavy especially when you add every kind of peanut butter chocholate bar to the mix.Let me tell you those first five spoonfuls are pure goodness then it goes downhill. Less is more with this stuff let me tell you! Next time I am getting the smallest size, and I will be far more pleased and not guilty I threw out a mega size bucket. Hahaha!
Mr. Roberts is not a place I'd ever go to for the sole purpose of going out. Both times I've gone have been for bands, and both times were fairly different experiences.My first time was a one-star experience: it was ridiculously hot and humid inside, the staff lacked any sort of motivation for good customer service, and they crammed the 7- or 8-piece band in the front of the bar near the window, making for awkward viewing and playing. The sound was terrible and I spent more time outside than in. My second time was a better experience, but still not one that would cause me to suggest other people go there. This time around it was a reasonable temperature in the bar, but that may only be due to the fact that it was in the 50s outside. The bands played in the back of the bar in an alcove/side room deal and it made a lot more sense. The sound was still deafening and subject to random strangers twiddling the knobs on the mixer, but overall not too bad. Free music is the best thing (only thing?) Mr. Roberts has going for it. Its biggest downsides:- it's touted as a blue-collar bar, but it's more an excuse to be shabby and dirty than anything; $15 for a 5-bottle bucket of beer is not a good deal, and $5 for a PBR & a rail shot is a special for a couple hours one night a week when it should be the standard price for such a combination- the ladies room is ridiculously tiny and awkward, had a seat that was half hanging off the bowl, and no TP- every surface was dirty or sticky, yuckYou probably won't die if you go to see a friend's band play, but supporting a friend should be the only motivation for setting foot inside.
I've been here a handful of times over the years for dinner.  Had no clue they had a weekend brunch menu.  I think I was the only one that  ordered off the regular menu in our group.  Based on comments no one went away unhappy with their choices.  Our waitress had never worked opening shift before but did a great job.  The place is getting a little worn but it fits.  I am sure I'll end up here again.
NO NO NO, this placemakes Panda Express seem gourmet. Garbage food!
I have been here twice on a whim. The first time I ate my breakfast there and it was pretty decent. The second time, I placed an order to go and unfortunately I should have checked it before I left. The food was dripping in grease. Not sure what that was all about but I was so disappointed. Did I eat any of it, yes because I was hungry however that was a mistake as I felt sick to my stomach later that day. I will give the restaurant another try  one day as maybe the cook was having an off morning. Like I said before, when I ate at the restaurant,  the food was decent, but take out, make sure you check it before you leave so that you don't end up with a box of grease. Blech
My experience at this restaurant was probably one of the worst I've ever had. My friends and I went there for a Suns game and were seated at a booth near the door. As we were sitting there, a girl who was waiting for a table, looked above our table and saw a cockroach crawling right over our table. Now granted, I have a phobia of bugs, and especially roaches, but this seems to me, like a pretty big deal. After the initial scare, I informed our waitress of this and she freaked out for a second, and ran off to tell someone. She didnt return for another 5 minutes, though it was only to bring drinks. I then told the host near the door and he exclaimed that it was horrible and he walked away(apparently to get someone?). After another 10 minutes still nothing happened so I found the guy again and told him nothing has been done yet. By this time, the others at my table had gotten their food. He told me that since it was so high on the ceiling there was no way for him to get to it. Now, I'm no engineer, or trained exterminator, but I had about 2-3 different ideas on how to get to the roach. I didnt realize he was stumped. I felt like I should make a bigger deal about it, but instead I left. I don't feel like anyone should be forced to eat in those conditions, without at least an attempt to rectify it. I mean, I dont have any delusions about spic and span restaurants. I know restaurants are dirty, but to have a roach hanging over our table is unacceptable. And the only reason the management would do nothing is because it would have made a scene. I guarantee you if everyone else in the restaurant had seen it or was experiencing it, SOMETHING would have been done. For us to have to endure it because no else was being affected is basically saying we dont matter enough for them to do anything. How was the food you ask? I didnt even see it since I was focusing on the large roach hanging over my table.
Amazing service from Jelly for lunch today, and seriously good food!  A wonderful hot sauce with heat and a great pico start things before you even get to sample the tasty tacos and enchiladas.  Highly recommended.
My co-worker and I literally didn't know what we wanted for lunch and were just about to put names of restaurants in a cup to draw...but when we wrote down TGIF...well...lunch fell into place for us! Lol! So when we got there they had a banner outside advertising a 2 for 10.99 on a half rack of BBQ ribs...i made my mind up before I walked in the door! They actually give you a separate sheet of paper for their 2 for 10.99 offers so I guess you HAVE to ask them for it or you'll never even know that menu exists! I ordered my appetizer (garlic, tomato basil(?) bruschetta) and my ribs...DeEELiCiOuS!!! That Jack Daniels BBQ sauce is something else! The entree comes with fries and cole slaw...I asked if they could replace it with a rice pilaf or something but that 2 for 10.99 won't allow it I guess :( ...but the slaw was surprising okay! It has green onion and cilantro in it...kinda reminded me of the inside of a fish taco minus the fish! Lol! We also ordered a whiskey caramel cake a la mode...idk what it's called....but that was TO DIE FOR!!! decadent and not super sweet perfect blend of flavors! Great way to end the meal!...AND...you get $2 off desert at lunch! :) I love a discount!The staff was awesome! Super attentive...definitely will go back for more! :)
Always wanted to stop by, just never did till today. The place is much larger on the inside then it looks. The decor is impressive and not over the top. Two full size pool tables and plenty of room for everyone to relax while you play. Two digital dart games as well.I was disappointed in the fact they don't have a kitchen so no food, but the bartender stated they may be getting it back soon, so I will definately be back to check it out again.
As other reviewers stated, service is spotty (polite, but mostly absent, which is strange in a place this size).  Food is good: omelets are LARGE - clearly can be split by 2 regular size folks.  Well prepared and full of good stuff.  Our sides of the banana bread and pumpkin bread were clearly warmed over which was a little embarrassing for the waitress (who danced around the subject)  But the main course, which was the reason for visiting, hit the mark.Not easy to get in and out of since you pay at the register (paying during our visit turned into a 10 minute ordeal - it happens).  But, as Yelp says, A-OK.
My favorite restaurant EVER! I no longer live in Madison but every time I visit, I make sure that I stop here. The food is too-di- for, the service is always friendly and-- espeicially after their remodel in the last year--the atmosphere is classy but casual. I really can't say enough goo things about this place. Try it, you won't regret it!
I have been going to this deli for many years. It has changed locations and chaged owners but its never lost anything along the way. I would say its got better as the years have gone on. By far the best bread in town baked in house everyday. Every party or  get-together i have or go to I will always stop here and grad some bread. They have Boars Head meats which is the best great Italian sausage that comes in from Chicago. They have great lunch specials. They have take home pizza kits. They include the dough, cheese, sauce, and peperoni. They are good! Check this place out if your in the area. The bread is worth going out of your way to get.
Fantastic thin crust pizzas with the best ingredients cooked in a coal fired oven. Service was friendly and efficient. Highly recommend this place. I kind of stuffed myself full of pizza slices- but hey I rarely get pizza so this was my treat and I won't be ashamed of myself f I break my scale tomorrow ah!
I went in here for lunch.  I had the tacos.  They were a step above del taco chicken tacos, but they were still ok.  Not 9 bucks ok, but ok.My glass was never empty, and my waitress(es) were very nice.It was slow and it was cold in there, I felt sorry for them.Also, the music drowned out the bible thumping street preacher screaming outside.  I wanted to invite him in for a beer and to tempt himself to think of the sins of the flesh.  Poor guy looked like he could use it.  Wound up in all that rage... when there is beer and women 10 feet away.
This place is a total Sushi Dive!  I dig; this is my bar!  It's generally pretty quiet and I can actually hear what you're saying.  I enjoy getting small appetizers here along with my beer.  Reverse every Friday - Sunday!  The food is pretty good - I wouldn't say it's the best but edible.  Service is great - staff here is always friendly and down to earth.  The decor is pretty cool - modern Japanese style.  This is my "No Significant Other" bar - yes so if you're hanging with me and we're going to Crazy Fish you best not bring your partner - you'll get slapped!  Haha - really!  - Enjoy!
THE BEST Mongolian beef anywhere! Yum!
Amazing since the late nineties. Still is in 2013.
Absolute worse. I would never stay here again. Went on vacation with a friend here. The service was piss poor, the staff was all over the place and when we first got to our room it still had filth in it. We received no basic amenities and received all around bad service with this place. Never again!
I am utterly addicted to their lunch buffet. The food is fantastic, and the servers are very polite and professional. I love this place to death.
Ok, if you have no other options. I work graveyard, and this is one of the only places that delivers near me overnight.  Their pizza is ok, NY style.  But, aside from their pizza, I'd advise to stay away.  I don't think there's a single fresh ingredient anywhere to be found. That includes their meat/chicken.   It's not too hard to throw a chicken breast on a flat grill, but this place insists on using pre-cooked chicken on it's items.. And you can really tell.   All of their appetizers are frozen, and fried.If this is your last ditch resort, then go ahead.. But if you have other options, exercise them!
This review is just about the pizza, not the service or atmosphere, as I have only ordered delivery from this place.The pizza just isn't that good. They have some topping combinations that are interesting, but I've found that most of them just miss the mark. They end up being crust heavy or topping heavy without much sauce or balance. Their salads are primarily watery iceberg lettuce with a few veggies thrown in. Their salad dressings are bagged and uninspired. I agree that the Mediterranean pizza is their best, but it probably the only thing I would eat if I ordered from there again.
Ok, so is this place 1-Star or 5?¿?  Stopped in here today just after 11 AM for a first visit, to find out.  The first thing I noticed was all the $100k+ cars in the parking lot!  Somehow that didn't seem to go with an old Mexican restaurant!  The next surprise was that the place was already getting busy!  They DO have a loyal, moneyed clientele, for whatever reason!Ok, so I stepped inside.  It's an oddball place with a bar room as well as a regular dining room and an outdoor patio area.  The whole place struck me as pretty boozy, but credit that at least in part due to the fact that all of the other customers seemed to be having mixed drinks (for breakfast?).  Uck.  So anyway, I ate in the regular dining room, within which I wasn't completely comfortable.  I'm picky about seating location & lighting & I just didn't end up with a booth that I liked.The food:  Shortly after I was seated, a big bowl of chips & a cup of fairly hot chunky style salsa arrived.  Both were delicious, & a second cup of salsa was cheerfully provided.  I ordered a 2-Item Combo, with a Nana's [Chile] Relleno and a Machaca (shredded beef, hard shell) taco.Before long my order landed on the table, attractively placed on a piping hot platter.  The Relleno was unusual in that it wasn't breaded.  It was a medium sized, medium hot Pablano, stuffed with Oaxaca cheese & topped with a little Ranchero or Cotija.  It was good.  The taco was big, tasty, & had a good amount of meat.  Both the refried beans & the Spanish Rice were super good, & there was a bed of shredded lettuce to mop up the platter with.For me, this was a 4-Star meal served in 2-Star comfort.  The price was near the high end at $10.50, but the food portions were excellent and so was the service.     :-)
Are we even talking about this?!?! This place blows my mind every time. Those garlic prawns are a steal at twice the price. For a truly incomparable experience come here for dinner.
Walked in on a sunday night without reservations and had an AWESOME table!  ( we we're not outside but sitting right at a huge open Window with a mostly unobstructed view of the bellagio fountains)the service was awesome - the waiter was great, always had a smile and always realllly attentive, I loved that!The food : it was a mere " Meh!"  Although, i would like to come back and try something else. I had a New York strip - didnt really like the crispy potatoes they were served with, the macaronni gratin was way too rich, and the steak tasted like a shoe!! I think theses people rely too much on their " sauces" and dont really give much thought to the actual  beef.Thankfully, i ate almost a whole baghette before the steak came so i was satisfied!! lol. Next time I visit this restaurant it will be for  lunch , and ill try a burger or sandwhich. 4 stars for the service, the ambiance and the service and the service! definitely will be coming back...
Our last meal in Vegas and we came here. We sat on the patio (in January!) and had the best meal we've had in the 5 days we were here. Perfectly cooked filet mignon with Merlot butter and good little French "frites". Great gluten free menu, a gluten free bread and olive plate, and special allergy tags for food.
Hubby and I had the rib eye, mushrooms, and their version of mashed potatoes.  The steak was so delicious as it was bursting with wonderful flavor.  The shiitake mushrooms were amazing!  The mashed potatoes was just ok.  I initially ordered a glass of white wine, but decided a few sips later that I needed a glass of Pinot Noir to pair with my steak instead.  Our waitress gladly obliged with my request.  I wish I can dock off half a star because of the picture they take of you at your table.  A lady with a camera came to us and asked if we wanted a picture.  Thinking it would be like Morton's, a complimentary picture of us in a little cardboard frame folder.  The lady came back out with a leather frame folder, about 11x13" or so, with two of our pictures enclosed.  Granted, we didn't like how we looked in them, then she threw the price at us of $60.  Heck no!  I'm not paying that much for dinner pictures that we don't even like.  We're not obligated to buy it, but it made me feel bad because the poor lady went through all that.
I went here yesterday for lunch with friends. The food was pretty good, as usual (I had chicken parmesan and my fiance had an alfredo dish, which he said wasn't that good) but this time the service wasn't as superb. My fiance's silverware was dirty, and my Pepsi tasted flat. I ended up just drinking water. Our initial waitress mysteriously disappeared after getting our drinks... another waiter took over and said that the other waitress had to "take off." This was kind of confusing, because we saw her waitressing other tables right by us. Plus, I never like it when there are about 5 different people stopping by your table. One guy asked if we wanted more bread, and we said yes, and then he never brought the bread basket back. Different people brought out our dishes... and, nearing the end our waiter kept asking us if we needed anything (we were just sitting there talking), which made us feel like he wanted us to leave. I think we would have understood this had it been extremely busy and a long wait, but there was hardly anyone there!
I used to hate Carly's.  I couldn't see the appeal.  The service is always abysmally slow.  The seasonal tap is always empty - half the time the servers don't even know what it is supposed to be filled with.  The food is... okay.  A few of the sandwiches are really good, but the vegetarian and vegan options are pretty bland - when I started eating meat again, I started liking the food here a lot more.The place has grown on me the past couple years, though.  They've started hiring some pretty good musicians.  The food has been stepped up a little bit.  Unlike the Lost Leaf or Roosevelt, the place is big enough to accommodate a healthy crowd without making conversation impossible.I guess I now feel that Carly's is A-OK.  Accept the fact that they aren't trying particularly hard, and you'll be able to enjoy the convenience and relatively low price of it all.
Best spot in the house, casino view AND shops/themed view. Problem was the food was quite aweful. French onion soup, the filet migon and even spinach was bad. The only had one seasoning, lots and lots and lots of salt.
What a great experience! Definitely coming back & bringing friends next time. Between the constant service, deliciously full flavored meals & the atmosphere...It has officially ranked on to my Top 10 List!
Amazing and a top of must do list in Vegas!Reserve for a half our before sunset and enjoy the ride... Much better than the High Roller.  The staff accommodated our group of 8 with special birthday requests and beyond. We ordered the tasting menu and it was superb! Seared scallops and Fillet  2 inches thick, medium rare and perfect. Service was spot on and the exterior entertainment was steady.  We will eat here on our next visit.
Breakfast service was good, prompt and friendly. This place offers your typical American breakfast fare at a price which is average for Vegas but more expensive that anywhere else in the USA. We had the corned beef hash with poached eggs. Nice. However table over from us had to send their breakfast steak back because it was gristly.I was tossing up to give this 3 stars. But the main thing that let it down was the $3.75 charge for brewed coffee.  The coffee was just terrible and I resented paying for it at any price.
OK so I am a picky eater who tends to lean towards healthy and quality.  While in Vegas for the weekend, my BF and I decided to try Nove Italiano mainly bc we wanted a restaurant with a nice atmosphere and a nice view.We figured, "OK Italian, it will probably be pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary"Were we wrong.This food was unbelievable.In the beginning they bring you an assortment of fresh breads and breadsticks with a little tray on the side with Olive Oil, Red Pepper Flakes and Parmesan Cheese for dipping. I dont usually partake in bread, but I did try a thin breadstick with the dippings and it was really good.After reading about the Grilled Octopus App on yelp, I figured we had to try it.   Let me tell you, it was amazing.   Obviously not for everyone bc its octopus, but it was so tender and the flavor of the marinade was simple but very very fresh and a great flavor.  They were grilled so they were crispy.  Like nothing I have ever had before.The marinade was not too heavy, more like a ton of fresh herbs.I had the White Pizza with Clams.Very simple but amazing.Extremely thin crust so you can eat it and not feel full or guilty.  And big clams and plenty of them on top.My BF got the Chicken Marsala.   It was on the bone which at first seemed weird, but he said he loved it bc it fell off the bone.Huge gourmet mushrooms and plenty of them.On the side he had penne pasta in Alfredo sauce which he loved. It looked like it was fresh-made sauce and a bit lighter then what you would expect alfredo to be.We got a side of the Aparagus special dish, which was Grilled Asparagus with an egg and Ricotta cheese.Sounds totally weird, I know, but so great!!The place is also swanky and upscale but comfortable, the view is great.Overall this place is a Must when in Vegas.And the price ,we thought, was very fair.  We more than enough food, and 1 glass of wine and a Diet Coke and the bill was $125 with tip.     Not bad at all for a fine restaurant in Vegas.
Ok, buffet but not outstanding.  It was easy in and easy out, but the choices seemes somewhat limited.  My wife did not like the freshness or the the seasoning of the  crab here.  Probably a good choice with coupon for Breakfast or Lunch, but you can do better.
The only thing worse than their mediocre food turns out to be their completely rude and condescending staff. I have given Ken's more business than they ever deserved over the past couple of years solely due to it's close proximity to home and work. The experience I had there last weekend will certainly be my last. In the past I had ordered things which didn't taste that fresh, one particular time I ordered Uni (sea urchin), a favorite of mine. I will forego any comparisons in taste for the sake of the weary, but let's just say it was horrible. So, I politely sent it back, only to be told when the waitress returned that Uni was not in season.... So, I should naturally know this? Hmmm... How about you just apologize and not blame the customer for foolishly eating what you served??The experience this past weekend was very similar, the spicy Yellowtail tasted like it had been left in Tupperware in the sun for a day or two, so I politely sent it back. I was told that perhaps Yellowtail isn't my fish, as though I had never had a bite of sushi before in my life.Apparently at Ken's, the customer is always wrong. Be warned, go elsewhere, like Sushi Eye or one of several others in the area who serve quality food without insult.
As close to a nice night out as you can find in CU.The food's always been solid, the drinks good and the service ok.However, it does get VERY noisy during the dinner hour.  While it may not be a true 5 star, for CU it deserves it.By the way, why does a city with such a strong mixed population have such a terrible restaurant scene??  Will there ever be any NICE restaurants?
The food takes forever to be served. The sauces on the side never come and most of the time you need to ask for them again.The staff is rude, especially at the bar. Went there a couple of times cuz its really close to home. Never went home satisfied.
Great Food, Excellent Service!
Good food sadly portions have reduced as time as gone by, love their Mongolian beef, ok orange chicken, sadly not the best I've had.
Nice place, but the food is lacking. I tried the Santa Fe omelet and found it to be not very spicy. The service was good and I will go there again because it is close to where I live. However, I would like a little more flavor...
This restaurant has a hip and modern vibe, reminds me of the W hotel or aLoft hotel. I like how there are sofas that invite you to sit and chat, and how they transformed the space between Switch and Schlotzsky's into a little outdoor area.Why you should eat at Switch:-Unique options (everything on the menu looks good - there are so many different kinds of sandwiches!)-Great flavor. I got the Dragon Pita and it was really delicious. On the downside, I had to eat it with a fork and a knife because the sauce was dripping all over the place and they didn't give us any paper napkins.-Freshness. Although $10 seems a bit much for a sandwich or burger, it was justified when our food came. All the ingredients are fresh and high quality, and the portions are appropriate. Even the water tasted really good!Why I don't give Switch 5 stars:-Slow service. We were sitting for about 8 minutes before the server came to ask what we wanted to drink. The wait for our food seemed like forever (c'mon, how long does it take to make a sandwich?). Or maybe I'm just used to Subway. Strangely though, our server was amazingly quick to take away our plates and bring the bill. hmm.-The lighting. It was way too dark, it was actually darker inside than outside. This may be personal preference, and of course it is a bar, but next time I'm going here during the daytime for lunch, and not dinner.-Consistency. Whereas the Dragon Pita was delicious, the Lobster Roll was pretty ordinary. If you don't know what will turn out good, I'd advise choosing something with a variety of eclectic ingredients.Finally, this restaurant seems to be targeted more towards the 20-35 year old age group. I wouldn't advise coming here with children or your parents... unless you order take-out.
I'll sacrifice a lot for a great bagel, and here at Bagel Factory you get both great bagels and sacrifices. The slow-as-molasses service and often-dirty tables: no biggie, since the bagel I get here comes covered in lox spread and is chewy and boiled to true bagel perfection. So far, once of the best bagels I've had in the 'burgh.
My family told me how amazing Earl of Sandwich was, and I kept writing them off.  It's a generic sandwich place.  Inside a casino.  Pass.  But then I found myself at Planet Hollywood and a friend of mine was hungry, so I told him to try it.  He ate a sandwich and was surprised how good it was, too.Next time I found myself at the PH, I made a point to try it.  I ordered The Original 1762, which is a roast beef sandwich with horseradish sauce.  It was just as good as people have been saying.  Just a tasty sandwich on delicious bread for a great price, especially as we were on the strip.  I'm not going to drive down just to eat here, but I will try to snag this sandwich again if I'm in the area.
My friend who came to visit me several months ago (in tandem with her step-mother, who came for a work convention) attended a corporate conference dinner at this joint, and donated her leftovers to me, which were oh-so-delicious as I was working two jobs at the time, and they'd been sitting in the fridge for several hours.  That's why I decided to give Lucille's a go when I was looking for a dinner spot with a friend of mine a couple of weeks ago.  What a difference the lack of desperation makes.  Lucille's was basically an overly-air conditioned gigantic disappointment, with a hyperattentive young server who did his best, gosh darnit.  The prices were high, to say the least, which is why my friend and I chose to share our meal, a full rack of ribs... with an appetizer of fried green tomatoes (for the kitsch factor, of course.)  I'll just lay it out there, the food was terrible. The ribs had practically no meat on them, and I felt like I was just gnawing on sinewy bones for like ten minutes. It was gross to attempt, and probably worse to watch. The side order of veggies was equally vile, and I don't know how you even mess that up. The whole experience was awkward, our conversation was continually interrupted by the enthusiastic little server, and it was just so damn cold in there that we felt like we were being refrigerated.  I will admit that we both enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, but it just isn't enough to save this place from its well-earned one star review.  To over-charge so horribly for the sorry excuse for ribs that they served?  To subject their guests to the hokey "down-home" manufactured decor when it might as well be an Applebee's? I don't know. It was just all too much for me. When all was said and done, we paid over 40 bucks for this totally subpar meal, and it was just weird.  I'm sure my out-of-town friend had a better time at her stepmom's corporate shindig... but then again, they were all drunk.  I'll make sure I'm good and sauced prior to my next visit to Lucille's... because that's the only way I could be convinced to return.
This Gordon Biersch is great. Great food and service! The manager Eddy is why this is my favorite location. He is always on point and you can tell runs the place well
Had breakfast there Saturday morning.   The wait staff was super friendly and attentive.  Coffee was very good.  My problem is the ambience per se.  Never been a big fan of the "space" itself, when it was Jams before.  Like a parking garage that has been painted yellow.  Acoustics are horribly loud...and there weren't too many people when we were there.  If there were more kids....would be very loud.  The counter looks very uncomfortable.....its design doesn't allow for legroom...what is with that?  Owners were very present and hands on.  Staff seemed very happy.If you like the sort of cafeteria ambience....this is the place for you.
YES.  This was exactly what I needed.  Everyone I go to is a marvel in efficiency and obviously the price is right.  Make it a double and get a vanilla milkshake for dessert.  You can't go wrong.
This place is so tasty!  The staff is knowledgeable as well. I will definitely be back. Many times
Sushisamba continues to be my "go to" spot when I am staying in the Palazzo.  Good, fresh food, great drinks and bartenders that are personable and welcoming always make my evenings here a good one.On this visit, I ordered the king crab leg.  At $25 it seems like a splurge, but it was huge, meaty and absolutely delicious!Tuna sashimi was fresh and tasty and even my grilled asparagus was perfect.If you are not staying in the hotel- know that it is on the 2nd level of the casino along with plenty of other shops!Always a good choice!
Either I am just easy to please or have been getting damn lucky on the places I have been spending my money at. Anyhoo, I went to Maizie's last night for $3 burger night, best 3 bucks I have ever spent on a burger! First off though when we got there it seemed like we would have a bit of a wait, not so! Waited less than 10 minutes which was awesome because I was starving. For an appetizer ordered the buffalo wing dip, so freaking delish I could have eaten another! I had bacon and pepper jack cheese added to my burger but it was so filling I could only eat half. My breakfast this morning, the other half! Tastes great heated up too. For my taste beverage I had lemonade which was perfect, not to sweet, not to sour. The staff was attentive and the people watching was great. This wasn't my first time at Maizie's and it won't be my last either.
Although service was good, my drink was seriously watered down. To the point of me almost saying, can I just get a rum on the rocks? Seriously. Basically I paid $12 total for two cokes with a splash of rum. It reminded me of hearing Kat Williams say, if your drink is really, really dark like blood, that is because you didn't order vodka buddy so sit your broke A$$ down. I actually paid for some alcohol and got none.. I am not asking you to pour like I am fish, but man, can you add a little bit of spirits to my coke? That would be lovely, thanks!  I wasn't the only one with this issue as another member of our party complained about the exact same thing.
Over a short period of time this place has gone to the dogs.  Napoleons and other butter cream pastries are now frozen as a matter of course. Beverage selection is poor and badly made coffee is accepted. Hipsters seem to accept the off hand service and lack of attention to detail as a badge of honor. Sadly the hype has done Amelie's a great disservice. I hope they can remedy it I used to love the place.
Went to Stratta to watch the Super Bowl. Paid $75 for a three course meal, 2 well drinks or a pitcher of beer and a seat in front of the TVs. If you ever want to watch the game in Vegas, I highly recommend this place. It was the best choice we could have made for the weekend. Totally worth it! The appetizers of buffalo wings and calamari were the perfect football watching food.... and large enough for us to share. For the main entree, I had the rigatoni and meatballs and the wife had the linguine in clam sauce. Both solid. For dessert... it came with the chocolate cake or ice cream. The vanilla ice cream was the "worst" thing we had there... it was just eh... but the chocolate cake was yummy and rich.The bartenders were great and provided awesome service. I don't know if I'd dine here during a regular trip to LV, but for the Super Bowl, this place is on top of my list.
Seriously?Cheap 'Vietnamese' food with a Plateau price tag. My friend ordered the Pad Thai, and then remembered she needed to ask about any nuts in the sauce due to an allergy and they just brought us out the jar of sauce, complete with price tag of $2.99.  Maybe lots of places do this, but it's pretty disappointing.  I had the lemongrass chicken, and it tasted just like any other miscellaneous asian stir fry with the same mix of peppers and carrots in a fairly good portion size.  I haven't had their soups, so maybe they are amazing, and the spring roll was ok, but everything else on their menu is basically veg mix + meat + (jar?) sauce. $15.95+tax gets you curry, rice or noodles and spring roll or soup.  This is definitely not Schezuan.Also, strangely enough: we had a reservation on a Saturday and were seated right away but the same 3 groups of people were waiting to be seated from the time we arrived and throughout our entire meal even though we were sitting there facing three empty tables? So, make a reservation, I suppose.
Went for lunch with my family and it was very busy because it's Sunday afternoon. My food was great but had to wait for someone to clean off the tables. Otherwise this location is always nice and clean.
This place is a fast good fried chicken option, much better than the other corporate spots.Pros:Spicy cajun style breading.Good family combo options.Grey area:Gravy seems to be out of a bag or from powder.Rice seems to be pre-made too.Cons:Rolls they give you are kirkland dinner rolls, they just warm them under a heat lamp.  Can't stand bogus rolls, or at least don't let me see you pulling them out of a kirkland package.Also, it seems that their is a moderate probability that if you go in there when it's slow, you might get chicken that has been sunbathing under said heatlamps for hours.If I need fried chicken, I definitely consider this place; however, it's not the best and it's not the worst.  The value is great and the fixin's adequately fill their role... you be the judge.
In terms of it's name, it's appearance, it's attitude and menu, Always Sunday is quite unique on The Royal Mile, and is more the type of place you'd expect to find in Bruntsfield or somewhere. It's not perhaps the best little cafe and tearoom in Edinburgh, but on a street loaded with utter dives such as Rabbie Burns Cafe and Garfunkel's, it's certainly some way ahead of it's neighbours.Especially good with a window seat and a newspaper.
This will be short and simple! Amazing food, amazing ambience with the piano man playing. Hostess was a bit bitchy and didn't say a word when we walked in or when she seated us. Told her I had a reservation for four, she looked at me (up and down) and then grabbed a few menues and rushed us to a cramped booth. Our server had more of a personality and was great, until we all decided to move to the music room and the server there was 15 minutes too long in even noticing us as we sat. REALLY? There was us and two other tables. HOW HARD CAN IT BE! Oh wait, that's because she and Miss bitchy bitch hostess were too busy playing chatty cathy at the hostess station. Sigh
Friday night, we were heading to Blue Martini for the first time and it looked loud and packed, we were looking for some place to talk. Since Ocean Prime was right next door and didn't look quite as busy, we decided to stop in there instead. This place has a very upscale ambiance and I immediately thought it was going to be a pricey night and I was right. We went to the lovely bar to seat and I ordered some sort of berry martini, it had a fruit ice ball in the center and it came with enough for 2 drinks so it was worth the $14 price tag. My boyfriend ordered a dirty martini and that also came with enough for 2. We had the best time at Ocean Prime, there was live music and they were singing some of the old jams. When they started singing "doin the butt" I ran on the dance floor and danced my butt off. This is the kind of place where you can leave your purse unattended which I did to go dance. I decided to try something to eat so I ordered the ahi tuna tartare with avocado. It came out and looked so pretty I felt like I shouldn't wat it. But I did. Hahaha It was delicious. It wasn't like tuna tartare I've had in the past though, this kinda tasted like tuna sushi. When our friend arrived we decided to try some wine. We both had a glass of Moscato which was absolutely delicious and sweet, almost like a Reisling. Oh it was VERY tasty and I do recommend it. My boyfriend and I danced the night away there until they were closing up. We will be back.
Food smelled great when we walked in (2 of us), asked for a table, 2 waiters consulted each other, one waiter said it would be a 5 minute wait, just sit at the bar and we'll get you when your tables ready.  Sat at the bar, 1 woman on one end watching TV halfway thru her meal, a couple halfway thru their meal on the other, we chose the middle seats allowing 3 empty chairs either side of us, so we are pretty visible and alarmingly drinkless and menu-less.  Bartender made no eye contact for 10 minutes despite walking back and forth several times serving the already eating diners.  We then saw 3 ladies walk in who also were told to wait at the bar til their table was ready.  So in the ten minutes we were at the bar, those girls who arrived after us were served drinks and handed menus, bar back walked past the bartender who saw we were sitting there awkwardly asked us if we needed anything, told him we were waiting for a table, brought us water, we asked barback for 2 shots honey jack, he told the bartender and went to do his other duties.  So ten minutes after that i watch the bartender make 6 drinks for a waitress, close out the 3 ladies tab AS THE WAITER SAT THEM TO A TABLE, (mind you they came in about 10 minutes after us), still no shots we ordered or eye contact from bartender as he passed us a dozen more times.   So 30 MINUTES LATER, our waiter skipped us and gave away our table, bartender ignores us, 2 different waiters forgets about us, shots ordered forgotten about, we look around for assistance, bartender deems not important to remind staff we've been waiting for a table.  We get up slowly making our way to the door, no one notices us and we leave.Service from bartender: NEGATIVE 10Service from waiter: JUST PLAIN FOR GOT ABOUT US.Service from barback: OUTSTANDING.So if you are a cute couple looking for good service and wanting to eat something, anything, look else where,  if you are 3 nice looking cougars, don't worry, the staff will easily ignore waiting patrons and skip the others before you and seat you priority.  NEVER COMING BACK, don't like being ignored and forgotten.   Garlic bread did smell good though. (Don't know if that's on the menu because never received one.)
Good prices. Polite and fast service. Great experience. Yummy Eggs Benedict.
My girlfriend and I ad the opportunity to stop in the Black Dog on a Sunday afternoon and after a 15 minute wait, was seated at two seats near the back by a server stand. We ordered two of the sampler platters so got a good range of entree's and sides. The food was excellent, the chicken (white meat) was tender and the catfish was smoked through wonderfully. I was not a huge fan of the cornbread, but it was different and I would not hesitate to order it as an appetizer. I also had the beer sampler and there was a nice range of beer to compliment the food. Waitress was friendly and service was fast but we never felt rushed at all. I will definitely stop in next time i'm in town.
We have been here countless times. It's the best buffet in town. FIrst of all, we are local Las Vegans. We've been to a lot of buffets, but mostly we steer away from the strip hotels. Secondly, we found hotels which cater to locals usually offer pretty good quality buffets for the money. The selections is incredible here. After many visits, we still have items that we have not tried yet. My favorite is shrimp scampi over some fresh greens for salad with galic bread. clam chowder with artisan bread, steamed clam, diced sashimi, sushi, baked mussels, and teriyaki short ribs. For desserts, fresh sweet and nicely sliced fruit, creamy flan, banana foster with vanilla gelato, fluffy and light strawberry short cake, and smooth cheesecake. On top of all these, they offer wine and beer which is included in the buffet.
This was a total waste of 3 hours.  Service: glacialFood: crappyDessert: disgustingOverall: overhypedIf you like the Cheesecake Factory, you'll probably like this place.  If you like actual food, run far far away.  The burgers were dry and not cooked properly.  The fries were cold and nasty.  The frozen hot chocolate that has somehow earned rave reviews was disgustingly sweet.  The banana split was unpleasant.  The only good thing about Serendipity 3 is that it's a great way to differentiate idiots.  If someone likes this place, then you know that you can safely ignore any other recommendation that they might make.  If they don't like this place, then you have a higher probability of getting a recommendation that's useful.
We had breakfast here during a layover at the airport. Our sever was awesome. I wish I could remember his name. He was so nice and polite with his North Carolina accent and hospitality. The Bloody Marys were really good and one of the better ones that I have had in a long time. I ordered the omelet with crab for breakfast and thought it was very good if you like crab. I would definitely come back if I were on a layover. I think it is one of the better food places in the airport.
Went here before a hockey game, and got wings and a local beer, I think it was the Kiltlifter.  The prices were reasonable, the wings were just spicy enough, and the beer was good.  The beer was recommended by a bartender when I told him that I usually drink Stone or Sam Adams.  Can't complain.
I had originally seen the other listing for this Restaurant which had the place rated at four stars rather than 2.75; and after being there I wish I would have seen this one first.2.75 stars is the perfect place for the ratings to rest - La Parrilla Suiza is lackluster, tolerable Mexican food at it's best.To be fair - the staff is extremely nice and attentive.  Being a Sunday early afternoon it was imperative that my water was replenished frequently and it was.  Our waitress was great!  The food itself was pretty good as well - I ordered an enchilada and had the tortilla soup which was very good.  The part that knocks a plausible four stars down to three is the lack of character in the restaurant - it's just a big, open, area with vaguely Mexican-oriented decorations.  The pricing was average for Americanized places - ranging from about $9.50 - $14.00 a plate.  There is a full bar which I would have definitely taken advantage of had it not been a Sunday and the beers been less than $4.50 a piece.  Overall - If it's not too out of your way and you're in a bind, La Parrilla Suiza won't be the worst choice.  I'd much rather head to either an authentic place like Salazar Brothers or a slightly more upscale place like El Zocalo.
This is an amazing restaurant and a jewel of a find in AZ!  When you step into the restaurant you are immediately transported from the Southwest to Paris!  I was shocked... Yes... Really shocked to find to find the place. All of the staff love the restaurant and specialize in one thing or another. The food, wine, atmosphere, and ABSINTHE (yes, absinthe) are spot on!  Dustin is the sommelier and knows his stuff about French wines. Try the bouillabaisse, grilled asparagus, and the escargot!  You won't be disappointed. Most important!!!!!! Have the Absinthe!! It's prepare authentically and is fantastic. Bottom line:  This is a MUST try restaurant anywhere. It's one of my new favorite haunts!!!!!!
I had an excellent experience at this family owned restaurant located in a cute area of Montreal, Quebec. I ordered the Pierogi - dumplings filled with cheese, mushrooms, onions, and cabbage. They were delicious. I also had the Cheese Blintz and Borshct, both of which were the best I have ever had. The service was excellent, but Mazurka is a place to go for the incredible food.
The 'shroom does offer a good selection of beers and our house special pie was generously topped. I'd still rate the pizza only slightly above average at a high price. Better part of a fifty dollar bill for a medium and two drafts.Service continues to be spotty and indifferent. The dishwasher must not be working properly as the flatware was also spotty. And I hate when I have to straighten fork tines...I'm thinking the best option here is happy hour drafts and appetizers.
good thing i've eaten here before. the food has been amazing but the last time i was here i was so pounded that i remember ordering a vod and cran as soon as we sat down. the next thing i remember is like a snap-shot of my red drink sitting on the white table cloth, then i woke up in my hotel room the next morning...don't even remember eating this time but the food has always been great.
Open letter to the management:There is something you seem not to know about your wait staff, they try to take advantage of your customers by rounded down the change on a ticket. Let's say a ticket totaled $17.31, and I gave her a $20 and a $10, what should I have gotten in change? Why any 3rd grader will tell you $12.69 (broken into 1's and a $5). What I got was $12.00 even, shorting me you $0.69. Is this a big deal? Not once it's not but after having this behavior happen at your establishment several times it has become a habit with your staff, assuming the change. To compound this, this particular waitress I had called this on her before. I had also informed management before and so obviously nothing had been done. Did I get pissed off, yeah... I certainly did (and admittedly a bit over the top). Did a manager both to ask why I was so upset... no. OK... so I'm 86'ed from your little place... plenty of places to eat in Vegas, but you should know that your staff is not as honest with your customers as you would like to think and your rep on the street is reflecting of this. I had been warned (by a former employee of yours) that this was the "inside baseball" thing that happened there but I couldn't believe it. Obviously it was true. The shame of it all is unfortunately this sort of behavior has spread to other places, and I would assume it is the economy that spurs this on.The funny thing is, when a server brings me my change rounded the other way (so maybe I get a few cents extra back), I usually am sure to tip it back and then some, and people who know me know I am not a cheap tipper. (Unless you assume the change and then I am likely to leave nothing at all, seeing as how you've taken your tip already.)So yeah, 86 me, but be sure to fire your wait staff, they are doing you a great disservice. And now you know what gets gossiped about your establishment, a rare thing for management to learn, and I'd use it if I were you.-JBNeed to contact me: yelp@visual-impact.com
Timber's was the final stop last night to conclude some birthday debauchery for one of my best friends.  Phil, the bartender, was fantastic in letting us play endless rounds of pool, and drink Jameson shots to our hearts' desire.Timber's wasn't very busy, however, the pool table/restaurant side of the bar looked like a hurricane had hit it.  Beer bottles, pint glasses, papers all over the place.  I'm not sure if Phil was shorthanded but this place was a mess before we got there.  Regardless, we all had a good time and accomplished our mission of b-day fun for my buddy.
Fantastic!  Food was great and unique.  Scotty was attentive, humorous and knowledgeable.  I would recommend multiple visits because everything we tried was great.  We actually went two nights in a row.
I dined here the other day and it was a unique experience. The restaurant from the outside is nothing like the decor on the inside. The decor itself surprised me because it's a very oriental theme setting. It's a very nice change from the modern "vegas" setting theme restaurants. Soyo Korean Barstaurant's decor reminds me of the theme restaurants they have in China. They had high wall booths which created a sense of intimacy but I could still here the people sitting behind be talking. The wall decor to the cups we used to drink caught my attention and made them stick out. They served barley tea instead of water with thin tin bowls as cups. It was great to try but we requested water shortly after. I didn't like the tea and I am a heavy tea drinker. We ordered the Kalbi plate as well as the Spicy Beef Tofu Soup. The food came out quickly after we ordered. The Spicy Beef Tofu Soup had great flavor and the Kalbi was cooked well done, like we asked. My overall first time experience was great.We ordered the Yogurt Cocktail Soju. It was a little stronger than what I've had before but it was good. It was only $12 for a large size of Soju. I also noticed the beers for only $3.50 a pint and $13 a pitcher which I thought was a great price!The only aspect of holding me back on rating this place a 5 star, is the language barrier I had with our waiter. The waiter spoke enough english to take our order but not to explain clearly some of the items on the menu we had questions about. It was hard to understand what he was saying even though he was trying to pronounce his words slower. Communication was a little difficult through out our time at dining here.
Love this place!! One of my favorites! Service is always great!Food is delicious, a few of my favorites are: fusion torta with spicy pork, the pulled pork sliders, the bulgogi nachos and the kimchi fried rice. I can never get enough of Komex!!PS: their homemade hot sauce is a must try!
This place was really great. Friendly, warm service. Not to mention, probably the best Chinese food I've had in Madison. I'll definitely be going back.
Such a good burger!! So juicy and delicious!! Lots of choices and they are all... FREE (except for a select few)!! Their fries are OK. I prefer in-n-outs better, but I'll live. My biggest complaint is the price. It takes longer than any fast food joint to get your burger and it's double the price. Yes, they are delicious, but it's still just a burger. I do really like the fact that they have peanuts to snack on while you're waiting! That does help.
Be prepared to be WOW'd! Windsor is one of the best spots in Phoenix if you are looking for amazing food, great drinks, awesome atmosphere, and possibly the best staff there is. It is great for date night, or just getting together with friends! The overall experience for me was one of the best there is.I had the pork sandwich and it was more than enough food and was so good. My friends both got salads and they absolutely loved them. I think that one thing that sets Windsor over most other spots in Phoenix is the staff! Like Postino before it, Windsor's staff is awesome and make you feel like part of the family the second you walk in the door! I have and will continue to send people to Windsor! So far every person I have told to go there has text or called me the next day thanking me because they loved it so much! Go... you won't regret it!
If you live out here in Phoenix there are a number of good BBQ places, many of which have a strongly Southern focus on BBQ pork, specifically ribs and pulled pork with the meat served already mixed with or covered in sauce. Texas BBQ, at least from my own personal experience (born in Texas and raised there till I was twelve and moved to Hawaii, which has a very different type of BBQ), is generally dry rubbed and smoked and any sauce is put on after you get your meal, at your discretion, and of course, thanks to the bountiful supply of cattle in the early years of the state there is a strong focus on beef BBQ and in addition, thanks to the many German settlers, it is also known for some great smoked sausage (in fact, if you find yourself in Corpus Christie take a drive out and go to Orange Grove, a small town, at least when I was there 20 years ago that is very German and wow, the sausage, but that is another story).Well, this place, based on the BBQ brisket (always my ultimate test of Texas BBQ) makes some great BBQ and even better, it has the bare bones approach to cost that is standard in many little Texas BBQ joints and many great food hole in the wall places in general. It's not in, to say the least, the fancy part of town, all transactions are done in cash so leave your credit card at home, and the meal is provided on an empty soda crate bottom sort of thing with a piece of butcher paper on it and then the sliced meat of your choice is on another piece of butcher paper and when they ask how many slices of bread you want, and you reply, they reach into the drawer below the cash register, rip open a loaf of sliced Wonder Bread (or the equivalent) and give you that to make the traditional folded sandwich of sliced meat and BBQ sauce on bread. You can also get a sandwich special but I'm a traditionalist, I'll make my own.In addition, I have an obsession with potato salad at BBQ places (once again, an offshoot of the German influence, I would think, on Texas BBQ cuisine and boy, the potato salad here is classic potato salad. Oh, and to drink, if you are off work, they do have Shiner Bock, in the bottle, along with a number of other beers and if you look up the Shiner brewery website, you will once again, see the strong German influence and one thing that I don't think is German, but definitely Texas, Country Music on the sound track.Now, for those looking for a luxury experience, you may need to go to Joe's BBQ, which two of my 3 dining companions said they liked better (the whole slices of Wonder Bread did not excite them, but one of the people, along with me, was sold on this place....it is VERY authentic Texas hole-in-the-wall BBQ and it does that well and if you are looking for something other than the no-frills approach to the BBQ experience, then some other place may be more to your liking.
I usually don't take the time to write reviews, so you can bet that this place is special. Definitely got a local hispanic vibe when we arrived, but the staff were great.  Everything is made fresh to order right in front of you.  They have 3 main taco stations for each type of taco on the menu. I recommend the adobado and asada tacos.If want a delicious alternative to nachos, try the adobado fries.  They are piled high in a large to go box with spicy pork, cheese, cream cheese and guacamole sauce.  Very delish!!!   I grew up on mexican food and this place is as authenticate as it gets!!
The food is good. If you're stuck uptown and want some "Q" as it were, this is a great place to get it. It's exactly what you might imagine an "uptown BBQ" joint would be like. Busy bar, "club" type music, "fancier" country fare (if that makes sense - this ain't no paw's country cookin') and a generally more "uptown" clientele. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, if pricey, food - pulled pork with a bevy of sauces to choose from, wings, mac & cheese, hushpuppies. It might be a tad ambitious - the night I was there (granted it was a Saturday night, right before a Bobcats game), the service was slow and it seemed like the kitchen was very backed up - I wonder if they have too many tables.
See Rachel C's review which kind of hits the nail on the head.  I came with friends on a Friday night around 7.  Was told 30-45 minutes for a table, which turned out to be more like 15 minutes.  Meanwhile a waitress stopped by and took drink orders while we waited -- nice touch!One thing struck me upon entry:  Why are we in the middle of East Liberty and there are only two...umm....non-White people in the whole establishment?  I'm just sayin, the clientele doesn't at all match the neighborhood.  And this is my neighborhood.  I was skeptical.The potential answer?  The price.  All sides are a la carte at around $3-$5....and that includes a slice of cornbread.   You're gonna pay for your entree ($10-$22) plus a side or two ($5) plus a drink ($9 for a whiskey lemonade).  Not exactly a cheap meal for Pittsburgh.THAT SAID....I wanted to bad mouth this place.  But the food made up for it.  The ribs were PERFECT.  The fried chicken?  The best we've ever had in Pittsburgh.  The brisket was amazing.Bottom line:  We'll be back.  Hell, maybe tomorrow.  Except we left with enough leftovers that lunch is already taken care of.
Went here for lunch with a co-worker and food was good. Very clean and food was fresh and hot.
THEIVES; That is all I can say. Was staying at stratosphere next door. We went to use the internet cafe and after we paid we went on computers to print out airplane tickets. Then the security guard comes by and then tells us to stand back and he will get us a refund because the machine wasn't working. THen he comes back and doesn't give us the refund and tells us the leave. We short money and left without printing out tickets. I would rate this place 0 stars on service if I could.** This review is not about food.
What a beautiful restaurant!! Luv the decor & the layout!! The view of the waterfalls is done superbly!! And the food, very very good! Delishhhh!!!A perfect place to take someone special!! Servings are in good portion!I enjoyed my dinner with the girls!!!
It's me and my bestfriends birthday! We wanna do a girls comp dinner somewhere... Bagatelle it is! It's eight of us girls. We are seated at a round table and two of us decide to go to the bar to get some drinks. We asked if they still do the first round of drinks for free? He said Yes. So we got eight delicious shots and back to our table to down them. Our server delivered drinks to the other girls while we were gone and then I ordered a drink and he promptly delivered them. Dinner service started... Bagatelle salad - pretty much giant lettuce leaves with some type of vinaigrette. Flank steak and salmon for entrees and mashed potatoes and hericot verts for sides. So there are eight of us girls, and for the flank steak and the salmon, there are four pieces each. So we all just split everything... This was my first time here for comp dinner but someone within our group had been here several times before and said the had always gotten A LOT more food than what we had just been served. It was all GOOD though, tasty, but I could have had more! We did have a vegetarian among us though and the chef did accommodate her and brought out a vegetarian risotto dish that was pretty freakin' good too! Oh and of course I checked in on YELP and a check in offer popped up for a free glass of bubbly! I asked our server Martin about it and he said he would ask his manager. Griffin came over and I showed him the check in and asked him if he would honor that? I know we are getting a comp'd dinner, but it doesn't hurt to ask! He was very nice and said that was cool and then we all got a glass of the bubbles!For dessert we had little tiny creme brulees. Not very much flavor involved, and I think they torched the tops of them a little too much but whatever - we scarfed those down. Time to check out with our server and head to Ellis Island....The bill comes and it is $89. Apparently there was some misunderstanding about drinks... We had ordered those shots from the bar and I guess the bartender had transferred those over to our tab and then we had ordered a round of drinks but thought our server had said those were comp'd but only the shots got comp'd. It's not that we didn't want to pay for drinks or anything, it's just that when you think something is taken care of and then it ISN'T we're like WTF??? Not a big deal anyway, we paid and hooked our server up and then we on our merry little ways to... Ellis Island! Would I come back here? Yes, but either with less people or a better understanding of what and how much they are actually going to serve us!  The staff was all VERY nice and service was good and we had a lot of fun!
Very good and run by great people from Israel. You won't be disappointed!
If you're having a case of the munchies at 11pm, make sure to check out the happy hour menu at Yonaka to take advantage of discounted prices on some food and drink. Even for dinner, prices are pretty reasonable compared to lot of quality Japanese restaurants serving this caliber of food. If it's your first time here, the omakase is the way to go. The ambience is nice for a date night and the service is prompt and friendly.Almost everything is good here. Standing out from their regular menu were the uni to ikura dish, wagyu beef and the seared foie gras sushi. The latter is just so buttery, it melts in your mouth. There are also several must-try items on their happy hour menu like the crispy brussel sprouts; the sake orenji which consists of salmon sashimi on top of sweet oranges and special sauce; and the chuka buns which are yummy pork belly baos. Don't care what those talking chihuahuas say, this is the place to go for fourth meal.With more delicious dishes to try, Yonaka is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat.
Discovered this gem during a vintage staycation! Had lunch on the patio, loved the decore! MY food was good. Hubs food was better! Love the sirracha (?) ketchup! And of course the peach sangria. Next time getting the pitcher! Had so much fun on the seesaw! Haven't giggled like that in a while! Going back for brunch in a few weeks.
My wife and I went for an early dinner last Saturday and I have to say I am impressed.  The food was great and the services was attentive.  It's so nice to have a comfortable sushi place so close.  It is a good atmosphere and great service.  I definitely recommend going there.
Gem!!! What a fantastic little restaurant. Exceptional food and even better service. You can feel the fresh ingredients and the pizza cooks right in front of you. The owner comes out and pours a desert liquor. This is a piece of Italy in American Southwest. Dont miss.
This Chinese food restaurant it the real deal. Everything is made fresh to order.
Oh McFadden's where to start... I've never been to a place that was soooo obsessed with trying to create the illusion of fun than promoting it. Every 5 mins you have your Deja Vu(esque) DJ calling for people to get on the bars and dance. Which is fine. But 1. some people aren't meant to be dancing on bars but might be better suited being pushed off them. 2. Kind of sucks trying to get a drink when you have to navigate people nasty feet. 3. The majority of people on the bars are "bartenders" (i use that term liberally) which means less people dealing with customers behind the bar. Which means waiting longer to get a stupid beer. The easiest way to get a beer would be to grow boobs and work there because every time I looked around their employees were able to drink more than I could even order. McFadden's will be another Cadillac Ranch, Ranch House, and Coconuts. I appreciate trying to create this party atmosphere but not at the expense of the customers.
We just had Breakfast!!! It was pretty good!!!This is a new location and it seems where ever they open a new location they do well! I would recommend breakfast over Mcdonalds any day! I believe this is long enough to be posted!
The food is really good, the head server is rude and the service is slow
A big upgrade from the Robbie Foxx days. Very good for big groups. Great atmosphere. Outdoor also very noteworthy. The menu is nothing extraordinary - but - it doesn't matter. Its a great place to hang out. Management is very good.
We enjoyed the barbecue and atmosphere at this place. Husband got the pulled pork w/ coleslaw sandwich and I got the brisket platter. His sandwich was too big and messy to pick up right away but it was tasty. My plate had tons of brisket which I only like 1/3 of it. I also had the cheesy grits and coleslaw. All was tasty. I liked the atmosphere b/c it was laid back. Half of the crowd had small kids but the music, tv and noise level was perfect so that the kids can be themselves and loud w/o bothering others.
Visitung Arizona because a close family friend is going to a treatment center for stomach cancer. She has no appetite but Nourish had food that was delicious and healthy for her. We didn't wait to long for our food to be ready. She got a yogurt cup in the refrigerator that she loved and ate for breakfast the next morning. We will defiantly be back while visiting. Thank you Nourish.
Cool concept, but not fully executed to its potential.  It is a baked potato/mashed potato bar where you choose all of your toppings.  The price was right, but the toppings didn't seem as fresh as they should or could be.  The staff had their friends/family in the restaurant and they were extremely loud...it was quite distracting being the only paying customer in the restaurant.
