So,  I am probably being very generous with 4 stars but what can I say besides I am a SUCKER when it comes to a good mom & pop spot! Yes, literally mom & pop....that's all folks!  How cute is that? The wife was the waitress and the husband was cooking. The run down tiny shopping center this place is in  could make one deduct a star or two but don't judge!The food on a whole is more along the lines of 3 (bright shiny) stars . Definitely worth mentioning are the springs rolls, crispy and flavorful. Also their fried dumplings(4 in an order) were quite big and delicious with more filling then dough ratio which I enjoy .One in particular dish I had was really tasty IMO. The garlic butter shrimp! Yum  yum yum. AND I could actually eat the broccoli as it was cooked  to perfection which is a big plus. NOT that hard as a rock crap they throw in for color OR that mushy, horrid texture in your mouth stuff either. My only minor complaint would be I would have liked it a bit more juicy.But the taste was great .The sesame chicken, not crazy for it (maybe it was the lettuce thrown in there) No, it was the sauce and actually pieces of chicken that turned me off. The sauce had little flavor and the chicken was a bit chewy. Lo mien was just o.k.,  the noodles seemed overcooked causing it to be soggy. Even though I said I was generous with the stars I do consider myself a fan. They had a few diner's in there and a few people picking up to-go orders in this small little place in a not so great spot.  So, obviously there are other fans out there as well. After all,  we can't ALL be suckers.
I went there for my 30th Birthday celebration. We were greeted immediately by a friendly staff member and taken to a table that was not set up for the number of guests we had even though we had called ahead several days prior for a reservation. We were given 2 dinner menus for 5 people. We asked about happy hour menu and he brought back one menu and wasn't able to answer questions about it. He took the appetizer order from 3 people and left the table without taking order from the other two. He didnt return till the appetizers came out from the original order. The apps were fantastic! (Stuffed Shrimp, Shrimp Cocktail and Salmon). We asked about the price fixed menu for $60 and he didnt really know much about it. We ordered out entrees and they arrived rather quickly. The entrees where very bland and lacked flavor and substance. I have had way better food at Olive garden, which is really sad for the price of the food.  Very disappointed.
Three words: THAI. TUNA. ROLL.Get it. You won't be disappointed.  In addition, the California and the Mango Salmon Rolls were quite good as well.  While Arizona isn't a place known for stand-out sushi, I'd order it here again.  And in fact I did...two nights in a row. Night #1 - The bartender was a superb professional. He replaced drink napkins when they were damp and even poured my martini into a fresh cold glass when I was half-way done.  Class act.  He was also the one who recommended the Thai Tuna Roll which adds even more points to his score, if possible.  Night #2 - CRANKY bartender. While she recommended a nice glass of white wine, she poured me a totally different one the second time.  While it was St Patrick's Day, it's not like this place was packed out with annoying patrons so I'm not sure what put her in such a bad place. It did leave me with a not-so-happy feeling when I left, despite the fact that the food was just as good as the first go-around.  So, what could be the only gripes aside from the attitude?  * You will pay a chunk of change for your meal here (but it will likely be worth it) * You will also likely order something that they're out of (mango salmon roll the first night, grilled artichoke the second night, and every night I've ever gone to a Hillstone, for that matter)* It's a chainBottom line is that Hillstone is probably one of the better options in this neck of the woods.  Go for a cocktail and a Thai Tuna Roll, if nothing else.
I've heard so much about this place so the family and I decided to try it out.First off - for someone who has never been there before it was very confusing - the menu board did not make sense - so after asking the counter help what to do they sort of looked at us like we were from another planet. I'm sure if I had gone with someone who knew what to get I probably would have been a little more pleased. What I ended up with wasn't that good, which was very basic - custard with some kind of flavoring on it.I'm willing to try it out again, but my wife said she would never return.
Decent food. Tiny, cute place. Right down the street from our house.  We weren't the biggest fans of the Pad Thai. Not bad, but we have had better, definitely. Lots of people ordered carry-out while we were there.  Maybe we just need to find the right items to order. :)
Truly a hidden Thai treasure!This tiny place is nestled between a country bar and Chinese video store on the same corner as the "Get Serious" Gym.The lunch specials include an egg roll, rice and your selection; which for me is typically the beef panang.  PERFECT!  I used to work nearby and this restaurant was in heavy rotation for lunch.  I've never had a bad one here.The very orderly presentation of the food makes the portion size appear to be small, but it is just the right amount to leave you feeling satisfied but not overstuffed.  I've never gone away hungry.Please be patient with this tiny restaurant.  There has only ever been one server and one cook when I have been there.  The food will be worth the wait!
This was my first time at a Carrabba's, my husband's too. We were less than impressed. We arrived right before 5 pm, and the place was fairly empty. There was no one waiting in the lobby area, and unfortunately no one at the hostess stand either. We waited and waited, with no one showing up. The staff in the bar area kept walking by and looking at us, but it was several more minutes before the girl came to seat us. She did ask us if we wanted a booth, which was good, but the booth that I ended up in had the  seat ripped down the middle, which made it slightly uncomfortable to sit in.I guess our regular server was in the middle of something,  because a girl came over and asked what we wanted to drink. My husband asked what beers they had on tap and she just stared for a minute. She said that she wasn't a server and didn't know. Not sure why she came over to help us if she has no clue what's served from the bar. We asked if they had a drink menu, and she said they don't even have one. What's that about? So she went to the bar then came back, and remembered a couple of the beers, so my husband just picked one of the ones that she remembered.Our waiter finally comes over, takes our order, and brings us bread. We break into the bread and oil and things are going smoothly until we see a HAIR in the oil. A long, curly one. So I grabbed the same girl from before since she was walking by and told her. She grabbed the oil and did bring us a new one, but didn't apologize or anything. Perhaps this is a common occurrence at this location?Once our food came, the portion size of the entrees was extremely underwhelming. My husband and I got the same thing - a combo plate of pork medallions and chicken. There was more of the sides that we each got on the plate than the actual meat. The pork was supposed to be wrapped in prosciutto, but instead actually seemed like it just had a layer of fat around it.  If I'm paying money for an entree that's called pork and chicken, then I expect that the side of pasta should NOT be taking up the majority of my plate, and I would hope that what's wrapped around the pork would somewhat resemble prosciutto.I'm always much pickier than my husband, but as soon as we walked out of there, the first words out of his mouth were "I'll never come back here." Oh well, we tried the place out at least.
I recommend the special it was very good! Pizza, wings and knots where delicious. The service is great. I can't wait to go back. :)
One of my favorite restaurants in Squirrel Hill!  Their hummus is AMAZING.  It's so smooth and has so much flavor.  The oil they add to it also helps.  Tastes so good with the pita.  Yum yum!  I'm going to hunt for an Aladdin's when I come back up to the North.They have a lot of options for both veggie and meat lovers alike.  Personally I like the mujadara (sp?) which is lentils topped with yummy fried onions.  The chicken and hummus plate is excellent because you get that yummy hummus and some meat to go along with it.  I find that the prices are okay, usually about $7-$10 a dish, which is not too bad.One thing I didn't like: Their smoothies are kinda overpriced though (like $5 or something) but I did try one, and they're pretty good.
I had not been to Abacus Inn in several years. I use to work close then was transfered to another area of the city. Anyway, I got a coupon for Abacus Inn from LunchClub.com (a great place for cool discounts, but that is a different story) and remembered how much I loved them. I went and it was as great as I remember. Sun Devil Chicken, a dish with chicken with Jalapanos rule! And having a discount was even better. I will be back now that they are back on my radar. Give them a try. The staff was friendly and made us feel welcome. Go visit them!
I have wanted to try this place for a while now and my sister joined me on a Saturday morning after a visit to the farmer's market.  It seems like a very popular place with the local crowd and those with furry friends so they can join them on the patio.  My niece actually loved petting all of the doggies during our wait.Now onto the food and service.  We sat inside and it was a bit noisy but that was perfect since we had my niece.  They have a really huge menu with omelets/scrambles, pancakes, benedicts, and light items for those watching what they eat.    I am someone that is fine with a wait or slower service if the food is made fresh.  My sister and I decided to split the Greek scramble and wanted to sub the toast for a pancake since we could feed it to my niece.  The server did advise that it was going to be an upcharge but we were ok with that.   We also asked for the tomatoes and pepperoncini to be on the side.  The order was a bit backwards with the olives on the side but they were super busy so I am reasonable and just took out the tomatoes.  It was kinda of small compared to other places we've been but was still tasty.  The pancake was another story.  It was almost like they forgot to put sugar in the mix because it was bland.  The thing that was painful was the charge to change it to a pancake was an extra four bucks.  All in all was that it was just ok.  Maybe it was just a rough day but for the price it was just hard to be excited about our visit.
The Grilled Mahi Mahi was really good and beers were cold so thats 4 stars in my book.   However, the mixed drinks are not the best so plan on spending some dough to get a buzz if thats what you're drinking.  Crowd is a little rough/old so the other reviews are pretty accurate.
Pretty mediocre bbq, not bad, just not "great" the way barbecue should be! I would say it was on par with honey bears, but I really enjoy the bbq sauce they used on my pulled pork sandwich. It was pretty expensive, my friends fish and chips turned out to $8-9 with a drink, geez. I think there are plenty of better alternatives like AZ bbq co or joe's real bbq, or if you need something in the area you can't go wrong with somme burros right next door.
The buffet is ok here.  I actually enjoyed dinner much more.  I got one of the tandoori sets which was pretty good.  I'd rather go to other places for an Indian lunch buffet.  But the atmosphere is kinda "eh" here compared to some of the other places around which is why this wouldn't be my first choice.
Top notch location! Anybody who has lived here long enough and loves Capriotti's knows that this is a old school location. Who knew it would grow to be so big and have locations all over? I did! Well, I dreamed haha. It is nice to have a Caps nearby no matter what area of town I am working so I can grab lunch.Always clean inside and the staff are very friendly. I usually call my order in for convenience.This location can be so busy.  The "Capastrami" is my fav. If you love pastrami, coleslaw, and thousand island dressing then this is the sandwich for you.I love to stop by before heading to the nearby Doc Romeo park. The paper they wrap the sandwiches in carries well. My man tries the "Cheese Steak" and I sampled a bite. It isn't a true cheese steak and would go elsewhere for that type of sandwich. Good thing there is a variety of options. They have vegetarian options too!The parking lot is sometimes cramped but who cares when you know you're going to eat one of these delicious gems?!?!
Remember that time you knew what a Dirty Chai was, Lux?  Remember how it was perfectly mixed, chilled, sweet and delicious every single time?.... remember that time that I couldn't find a place in NY with a decent Dirty Chai (assuming the barista knew what I was talking about)?Oh Lux, I promise that I will sit doing nothing with my Macbook, a trusty Pane sandwich, and the deliciousness that is your Dirty Chai come December.
I found Lotus of Siam while doing research about Las Vegas restaurants. It was named "the best Thai restaurant in United States" by couple publications. I've been to Las Vegas a few time and have never ventured out of the strip. So for this trip, we decided to do a little exploration and dine outside of the strip on all meals (well, except the buffets). Thanks to my navigation system, we found Lotus of Siam in no time. The restaurant is located in a big Asian strip mall. I was surprised to see so many Korean restaurants there.We had reservation at 8pm. The restaurant was still 3/4 full. We were seated quickly. They have a big menu. I like how they clearly explained every dish in English. Everything looked so good and it was just hard to decide. They also had a huge wine list. We were really surprised that a tiny hole in the wall Thai restaurant could have such a good wine list. The waiter was very helpful on recommending dishes and wines for us.Their walls were covered with celebrities pictures. So many famous people were here. I saw my favorite favorite favorite Drew Berrymore's picture. I had to ask them if I can take a picture of their "Drew Berrymore was here" picture. Right on top of Drew Berrymore's picture is Mario Batali's picture. Wow! Mario Batali was here, too!BF ordered the German Riesling Flight to go with the spicy Thai food. It came in three 2 oz pour of dry, medium and sweet Riesling. They were: Robert Weil Estate Dry, Rheingau 2006; Carl Loewen Leiwener Klostergarten, Mosel-Saar-Ruwer 2005; and Basserman-Jordan Forster Jesuitengarten, Pfalz 2005. He loved the Robert Weil Estate Dry and ordered a glass of it. I like the sweet Basserman-Jordan one.I read about their Thai sour sausage and asked the waiter about it. The waiter told us they have 3 dishes with sausage. This appetizer dish the most popular and the best one. It's minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice. When I first tasted it, I thought it was.... very different. It wasn't like anything I had before. It was sour, spicy, salty, and crunchy. The flavor was very strong and it took me a while to get used to it. After a few more bite, it grew on me. It was unique and indeed quite good. The sour taste of the sausage and lime juice lingered on my tongue a bit. I like the crunchy texture of the crispy rice pop pop pop in my mouth.This classic dish from Thailand consist of green papaya, chili, dry shrimp, tomato, crushed peanut mixed with lime juice, fish sauce and sugar. We ordered it medium spicy, but MY GOD this dish was super spicy! When I first put the papaya salad in my mouth, I thought it tasted sweet and sour. But the spicy hit me after I swallow the salad. It made my tongue numb. Being half Korean, BF definitely can handle spicy. But even he was beat by this dish. Man now my tongue feels a little numb right now just thinking about how spicy the papaya salad was. We told the waiter the salad was too spicy, he just smiled and pointed to the small pieces of green chili peppers in the dish, "yeah... you need to stay away from the pepper." Even though this dish was way too spicy, we still think it's good and like it. Hard to believe, but we actually finished the whole plate.... with lots of ice water and rice of course.Sauteed deep fried thin catfish slice with bone in fresh and dried chili and Thai basil leaves. Funny how this dish is called "spicy" catfish but it's really not spicy at all. Or maybe after that papaya salad nothing is spicy anymore? This dish was really good to eat with rice. The sauteed sauce was so yummy. We poured the sauce over our white rice and each had two bowls. The fish was fried then sauteed. Really tasty!We like Lotus of Siam. But we only tried three dishes, so can't really say if it's the best Thai restaurant in the US or not. The three dishes that we tried all tasted very authentic, maybe even more authentic than LA authentic Thai restaurant. They also serve a lunch buffet for about $8. I would like to try that on our next Vegas trip.If you're visiting Las Vegas and want to try something different, I would recommend Lotus of Siam. It's authentic and cheap. Service was good, too. The only thing is you probably need a car or take a taxi to get there from the strip.
I am in town on business and I have eaten here twice in the last two weeks. The food is really good and the staff is very attentive. I like the atmosphere. The food isn't just the normal "Italian" food offerings. They have a few unusual things which make this place better in my book.The bread they serve is great because they serve both a normal Italian bread and a focaccia. The first night I ordered the Chicken Pietro which was amazing. It was really one of the better chicken dishes I have ever ordered. I didn't want the vegetables that came with the dish and they had no problems substituting then for a different vegetable medley.  The second night I ordered the Salmon and Shrimp Milanese. Again, it was very tasty, and the risotto it came with was truly delicious.I was very pleased with both of my meals and if I am every around a Biaggi's again, I will try to eat dinner there.
Absolutely the best brunch buffett I have ever had.  The service was perfect from the hostess to the wait staff.  The food was amaziing in selection and taste.  Lobster, lamb, rock shrimp, sushi you will want for nothing!  Champagne flows freely and it isn't cheap stuff it's Perrier Joet!  I've lived here too long to have not tried this before!  Groupon got me there, but I'll be back it's worth the price!
My amazing experience at The Buffet prompted me to write a review on Yelp!  We walked in after checking out the other Wynn restaurants and not really finding what we liked.  It was around 2:30pm and we were really hungry.  No problem, the line was short and we were seated within 5 minutes.  The ambience of the buffet restaurant was serene just like the rest of the hotel.  Waitress took our drink orders right away, and we began our merry way to buffetland.There were a good selection of quality mexican food (octopus/cucumber ceviche, guacamole, etc.), and salads were served in individualized plastic cuppies.  The Asian station had really great pork potstickers, leak dumplings, and pork bun - which I didn't get to try.  The carving station had my favorite Baby Back Ribs and beef shank.  As for desserts, because no buffet is complete without desserts  -- they have a huge selection including an icecream and crepe station. The only complaint I had was the crepe was premade and was sitting on a plate when I walked in.  Nevertheless, the quality and selection takes your breath (and room from your stomach) away.As I stuffed my tummy, I saw the dinner selection of rack of lamb, king crab legs being rolled out.  May be next time...
Too bad all that cigarette smoke from the casino just drafts in to the dining area.  For us non-smokers it really ruins the experience and interferes with the flavors on the dish.  The clusted 3-pack of waitstaff at the front desk were very distractable and could have done a much better job of getting us seated and making us feel welcome.  The FOOD was tasty but rich.  If I lived in Vegas I would have taken it home with me, but as a visitor I had to let half the plate go back to the kitchen (can't eat high volume when it's that rich).
Really like this place for brunch!  They have AMAZING pancakes (called Girdle cakes) - they're not too sweet, they're super fluffy, and they kind of have a bit of a sourdough taste to them.  Delicious!  Also really love their English muffins with 'Parlour Preserves' - they're own kind of jelly.   I usually get the same omelette - three chees with mushrooms - and the one thing that bothers me is that it's a different size every time.  Not a lot of quality control there.  That being said, we've gone many times and never had a bad meal.
Great atmosphere, great food, got great service. The sweet potato fries with their sauce is simply wow. It is a little loud, but it didn't really bother me. My friend brought her daughter & we found it kid friendly, but still geared toward the adult crowd. Pleased.
We went here for dinner on our anniversary.  My husband had the filet and it was very tender and flavorful.  I had the crab stuffed shrimp.  They were very good.  Both came with delicious mashed potatoes and beautiful, colorful veggies.  The ambiance was very warm and romantic.
I stop in as often as I can.  My favorite dish is the Hummus Deluxe.  The Baklava is rich and delicious.
We initially had a bit of confusion during seating due to their happy hour policies. After a few moments of irritation, we were able to secure the same price for our beverages while seated in a booth (they normally require you sit at the bar, but one of our party was under age). Our waiter recommended that we try their insolata appetizer, which was prosciutto wrapped around arugula with goat & other cheeses, olive oil and balsamic reduction. It was a delicious, light start. We ordered two pizzas; the cappricioso (spelling?) and the special of the week, which was a white pizza with cannelini beans sauteed with salami. Both were satisfying and flavorful on a super-thin crust. My boyfriend found the special pizza to be rather bland and didn't finish his piece, neither did our friend. The other pizza had big hunks of kalamata olives that provided a strong briny flavor that complimented the pizza well. It also looked like they use a real wood-fire oven to cook their pizzas. Their tiramisu was creamy with a good balance between sweet, bitter espresso and creamy cheeses. The lady finger bunny ears on top were a cute touch but they weren't very crisp. I had sampled some of my boyfriend's left over slices the day before and declared the pizza to be crave worthy which was one of the primary reasons we ventured here. One of his friends had proclaimed it the best pizza in Vegas, which I doubt. It's tasty, yes, but a true pizza master could craft better. If we're back on this side of town we'll probably come back given my boyfriend's insatiable love of pizza. We'll  be sure to try lots of other places, though, before we can call this the absolute best.
I want to like this place because it's a short drive from me and I thought it would be a nice joint for dinner, drinks, and video poker after work every now and then.  The food is OK but both times I've been there they have literally been out of nearly every draft beer.  Really?  There's also a sign up that says it's a non-smoking establishment but it's obviously just for show.  Overall the Beach House is somewhat of a disappointment although, since it's close, I'll likely be back.  But I won't make a habit of it.
Yuck!Simply gross. I had good expectations for this place. Now, I am a cheap something else but I normally find some good food for a great deal. While the decor was nice and homey, the ribs I *tried* (unsuccessfully) to eat were the nastiest, roughest, toughest ribs with little meat and no tender. The mashed potatoes were running....since when does mashed potatoes run (like eggs)? *throws up a little bit in my mouth* I tasted it and it was purely inedible. I sent it back, paid, and left. Tipped only b/c the waitress was the sweetest pie. If only the food could emulate her.
My husband and I tried Ibiza for the first (and last) time. It's a nice looking space, but that's the last nice thing I have to say about it. We tried 4 tapas total, and found all of them underwhelming in flavor, and, in the case of the fried lamb chops, really bad. We both started with salads. I tried the marinated artichoke salad, and my husband had the grilled veggies. The veggies were probably the least offensive of the plates, as they were simply boring, and the artichokes had a weird flavor that I really could not describe or identify. I don't know what they use for a marinade, or if they open a can, or what, but they tasted bad. I love artichoke hearts, and I didn't even finish them. The salad greens were fine, and I liked the balsamic drizzle, but it appears on most of their plates, and that's not imaginative or interesting cooking by anyone's standards. I also ordered the tilapia ceviche with avocado. The ceviche was underseasoned, with little citrus and not enough salt, and had a weird bitter taste. The avocado was a slice served on the side, and I think they slice it ahead and leave it in a water and acid bath to keep it from browning, which had successfully leached it of any flavor whatsoever. The fried lamb chops were just as bad...an inferior, chewy chop with a bland crust and overly sweet sauce...yuck. When we sat down I ordered an amantillado sherry, and the server was stumped. Seems they don't offer a full line of sherries, so I went with the manzanilla, which I like just fine, but really??? A tapas bar with that limited a sherry offering? Come on, guys, get it together. The owner of this estalishment should bring all of his/her employees to Cafe Iberico in Chicago to learn what a real tapas bar has to offer.
Best ham breakfast burritos!!!!!!!
Meh! it's just OK. The fries were over cooked and the burger was just another burger. Nothing to write home about.
My wife and I just got home from a long flight and wanted some Chinese for dinner on a Sunday night. Not wanting to go to a buffet and over eat bland dishes...we thought we'd try this local place. Well...I wish we didn't! Although I am going to give them two stars for the cleanliness and friendly greeting...that's about where it ends. I tried the cashew chicken and my wife tried the sweet & sour chicken. I refuse to order a drink from places that only serve cans of over priced soda, but my wife had a .99 cent can of 7UP. As for the food...my dish was way too hot (still steaming 15 mins later, the chicken at times had globs of fat on it, and every so often I would find bits of other dishes in it. I ate about 1/3 of my large order and threw the rest out. My wife thought her sweet & sour chicken was so-so, and the rice that came with our order was very dry and tasteless. I want to close with the menu had NO General Tao or Sesame Chicken! Two very common staples! In closing the place is clean, and people nice, but you can do much better for even average Chinese food.
I am a hot wing fan and this place has some pretty awesome ones. They're always meaty and crispy. Sometimes they need more sauce, as I like them saucey, but the waitress will easily comply with that request. Their individual pizzas are very good, they have lots of topping choices and they have good crust. Reasonably priced and great for a loud night out with friends.
Recently, my husband and I got our wedding cake through Freed's as provided by our venue. I would give the service 1 star, but the actual cake on the day of our wedding was delicious and for that I give the flavors 5 stars. I had endless issues with this bakery during our original tasting, and almost nixed having a wedding cake entirely! Just about everything that you can think of going wrong, did. However, in the end we were able to work things out with Max and I could not have been happier with the cake that was delivered on the day of our wedding. I would say to be 100% clear and forward with your vision when you come to this bakery, and to stand your ground about what you want. Don't be afraid to speak up!
This is a nice little steakhouse inside the Renaissance Hotel off the strip but being a steakhouse and inside a hotel, be aware that it is pricey (prices are akin to Morton's etc).  Luckily I knew that they offered $25 gift certificates at Restaurant.com as long as you spend $50 which is not hard considering that the steaks alone are $45 (sides are about $9).When I arrived I had to make my presence known to the hostess as her back was turned to me while she was busy reading something.  Having been full from a happy hour splurge (at Morton's ironically) a couple of hours earlier, I only ordered the Fillet Mignon and no sides (the steaks come with garlic mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables that are served "family-style").  I wasn't offered a choice of sauces (per the menu) or told anything about the salt choices but I think that was because I was dining alone and the server didn't want to waste her time with a "small" check (the restaurant was nearly empty with only 5 tables when I was there).The Fillet at 10 oz was done correctly (ordered at Medium) and very flavorful----it came with a demi-glaze sauce which I guess is the default (and quite tasty too).  The mashed potatoes were creamy and the vegetables decent but as I'm not a mushroom fan I didn't eat much of them.  The steak was enough for me considering my lack of appetite but I think it would have been enough either way as the portion sizes for the steaks are quite large.  I also tried the dessert of the day, a pineapple upside down cake with a sorbet at $9.  It is a very small portion so if you were thinking about sharing you might want to think again or go somewhere else for dessert (try the cafe at the Palazzo).  It was very moist and delicious but overpowered with candied ginger on the outside (probably would have been better inside the cake).  Service was fine especially the busperson who constantly filled my water glass and brought me bread.  They have an extensive wine list with a good but small selection of wines by the glass (from $10-20).  I believe you can also dine in the wine cellar if you have a large enough group.All in all, this is a fine steakhouse but not on par with Morton's (better than Fleming's though) even though the prices are comparable.  If you're staying at the hotel and don't want to venture out, this is a fine choice but if you're craving a good steak with the fine steakhouse service I'd go down about a mile south to Morton's.  In the end, I walked away not sure that it was worth the $50 (even after using the gift certificate) for a steak, dessert and glass of wine.
Originally stopped here for just a beer before moving on, but we ended up staying for a few rounds and had some wings. The wings were 50/50: the drums were overcooked, but the wings were fine. Good atmosphere, and a decent beer selection. Seemed to have some of the better prices compared to the other places in the area.
Little over priced but service and food were good.
It's one of those neighborhood places where regulars come eat on Tuesday evening.Decore is cozy. But unfortunately I have to echo Michelle C's review on portabello lasagne, which was sub par (but it sounds good, doesn't it?).My bf and I did make one discovery, though. If you want to try here, Go for hard liq drinks and the fried calamari. The fried calamari made us forget/forgive the "ugh" on the lasagne. We also received cordial service, so yeah, let's just say 3 stars.
Food was good, but not fantastic. Server seemed frustrated that the 3 families wanted to pay separately. But overall I'm glad we went.
I do enjoy their food a lot. The bowls are well filled with food, they dont skimp on anything. Their shrimp tempura is very very good. for fast food asian food. excellent.
I don't know what's up with Eddie??? I always found him to be pleasant, and really taking care of the customers. However on the 17th of November we had a birthday party of 19 people, and they gave us one waitress. We sat down at 7:00 pm and our main course came at 9:15. No real big deal but one person can't handle a table of 19, and we were having fun. So one of the guest's had ordered the $12.00 burger along with a salad and told the waitress no Mayo because he can't stand it at all. The burger comes out and it has Mayo on it, and he tells the waitress. She was not at fault, and had written it down clearly. He asked for a new one, and she comes back and say's Eddie cooked the hamburger and refused to cook a new one but would make him a new bun. He didn't want that because he hates Mayo that much, so there was no problem taking it off the tab, but Eddie would not make a new one. LOL. What's up Eddie??? I don't understand at all, you take it off the bill because you screwed up, but refuse to make another burger that you would have been paid for.  Then you end up looking like a fool in front of the other eighteen people. My daughter has even taken one of your classes, and said what a great guy you are. Really, Really bad PR that night and the next birthday party wont be at Eddie's House. Great time that night, but the ending leaves a very bad taste in 19 people's mouth.
The wine room is a great place to have a glass of wine before or after a movie or shopping. The outside patio is pleasant and the service is great.
Sandwiches are a bit simple, I was happy with my lunch but felt it was a little overpriced at $25 for two sandwiches, two cups of soup and two mini bags of chips. The woman at the counter was a bit surly, but it could have been an off day. I thought the decor was cute and tacky.
Whenever my husband and I go out we always have to make compromises because our taste in food differs so much! I gave in this time to his craving for burgers ...my craving today was for Kalbi. We decided to go to Fuddruckers because it's been a long time. We have one in our home town but we never ate there together. It kind of felt like a first date in a way. I remembered I used to go on dates to Fuddruckers in high school ...then songs from high school kept coming on . I will not say which ones because I don't want to date myself! It felt surreal ...and kind of funny. When the girl behind the counter asked what type burger combo we wanted she complimented my jacket right off. I added a star for that ....just joking I didn't ...I still remained objective. We both ordered a one item combo so basically it was a burger, fries , and a drink in my case . My husband had the onion rings instead. The two combos came to about $25.00. When we received our burgers we started to doctor them up to our specifications. The condiment section looked smaller then what I remember but it has all the basics of what you would want on a burger. They had tomatoes, lettuce, onion, jalapeno, and pepperchinis etc. They also had mayo, ketchup ,mustard and my favorite spicy mustard. On top of that they had bottles of A-1 sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and malt Vinegar. I took a bit of vine gear for my fries because some people say it's good together. It was okay . They also had melted cheese for your fries which I tried too. One was regular cheese and the other was Jalapeno cheese . I chose the Jalapeno cheese which was tasty with the fries. The fries come with spices on them so ordinary ketchup would also be good. The burger was tasty but I thought a tad overpriced for what it was. I think to make the pricing more worth while they should add two sides or add on a dessert since there are only three side choices fries, onion rings and coleslaw.
Big Time Stuff! Love this place. I really love this place. Dinner wasn't too bad but it didn't shine -- service was a bit slow and I felt as though I had to wait forever for Braised Chicken entree. Dinner was delish and I actually loved the Garlic Spinach!5th Star is for their fabulous Happy Hour! I love the menu - Wings, Baby, Wings! The Singh Farm Honey Wings are delish as well as the Pretzel Bite Fondue with Cheese Sauce. I believe the Schreiner's Bacon Wrapped Dates are just as yummy but can't seem to remember since they're gonna in minutes from time the server places the dish on the table. OK, they're just as yummy as everything on the HH menu.I also love that the bar area fills up for Happy Hour - makes for a festive afternoon environment. It makes for a perfect reason to enjoy Happy Hour in downtown Phoenix and maybe a movie at Arizona Center right across the street. Did I mention their WINGS!!!!! Cheers***
4 sides, shrimp tempura and chicken bbq all for 7.99. Good deal! I like Paradise because of the food- very down to earth, comfort food for a hungry Pinay like me and also because I am an avid supporter of local businesses, especially immigrant owned businesses. Back to the meal though: I came for dinner and the sides that I chose were steamed broccoli, a cabbage vegetable dish, glass noodles and macaroni salad of course! All very scrumptious and totally filling. I was halfway thru my to go box and pretty much had to stop because I was so full.Another plus- it's within walking distance of the lightrail, so even if you are not near ASU or Tempe, it's a good place to check out. Other things to note:1) no public restrooms2) they close at 9pm most nights I believe3) they are not open on sundays
This is a must visit place.  Good Food, excellent drinks.  Good vibe.  Perfect spot to get ur Vegas party started.  Chips and Salsa was real good.  Must try the Tacos, they were decent.
Every time we've been here, the service has been fantastic. The staff is so friendly which makes the entire dining experience so great. You really can't go wrong with any of the rolls. D's Guy Special and the Kiss of Fire rolls are particularly delicious. It's an awesome neighborhood spot, great servers and staff.
Jesus H Christ Cracker and Co...My last visit to your 'tukee establishment was a year or so ago and I was served DERISHOUS pankcakes, some mediocre bacon (still Nom'd it)  and some down right gnarly coffee.  Your service blew goats, but you were standing room only.  Overall I'd have given you 3.5 stars, cause I didn't hoark up my chow.   I return a year later-ish, on a lark (what a great fucking word; lark) and order eggs benny, my absolute fav.  This is the ultimate litmus test for any breakfast place IMO.  Simpy, I put my heart in your mouth C&C... your mouth.  (I have massive trust issues).So....I'd never tasted yellow ketchup 'till I had  me some Eggs Benny ala Crackers (hollan-NOT), but my REAL beef was with the  "pork product" stand-in (double meat entendre!).  Instead of using my beloved hoser-ham as your default, this butchered benny was garnished with  leftover meat cylinders from a 'lunchable'.  How dare you sir; how. dare. you.  Did I eat the dish?  Ashamedly so, I settled for this monstrosity, like a frat boy at last call.  Did I feel like purging afterwards? Well, no, but I did feel like I was leaving a coyote ugly soiree at 6 am.  With 'bad breakfast hair' if you get my meaning.     Your service once again blew [insert farm animal of choice].  Server was nice and obviously overloaded, wasn't his fault the food was so 'Five Guys'.  And for fuck's sake, please stop charging 2.98$ for a small glass of milk - shit ain't gasoline guys.
Portions are big and the wait staff is super friendly but the food was only okay for me and everything seemed to be really salty.  It's a little bit off the strip but it'll be sure to help that hangover.  There is a bit of a wait, but it's a pretty big location so you won't be waiting too long.
Marco is an amazing chef, everything is from scratch, and the white table clothes and small but quaint atmosphere is very nice. The seafood risotto was melting in my mouth! My mother and I love to go to Marco's!
God this place is appalling. The service is horrible, the food is Deep Fried Cisco, and its nothing like the old Serendipity in NYC( and that one has sunk as well). The only thing here that is appealing is the Frozen hot Chocolate, which you can get to go from a window round back and take it to sit and watch the people walk by at your pleasure along the strip. And even that Frozen Hot Chocolate is just a pre packaged sad shadow of its former self that got this restaurant on the map in NYC. Even the service at the window sucked. I don't care how much it costs, just give me great quality, and great service and I'm happy!But this place is just SAD at any price.
Heart and Soul is our go-to, but it was closed last night for a private party.  We had been to Gallagher's one time before, it was okay, so we crossed the parking lot for a second visit.It will be our last.I thought the Yelps I had read from previous diners were a bit harsh, but last night we got the full "Gallagher's experience".  Sign at the reception desk said: seat yourself.  We did, after searching thru a mostly empty dining room for a clean table.  We sat there maybe 5-6 miutes without a sign of a single staff.  I looked at my watch about then---7.45.  That's why I know it was twelve minutes later that the server finally showed up, sans menus.  She asked for our drink orders and then said, "Oh, I guess you guys want menus?"  (Um.,..yeah.)  About 5 minutes later, a Hispanic guy shows up with menus and asks if we'd been taken care of.  We said yes and he starts to walk away and we are like: wait---leave the menus.  He gives us this frantic look, like we are mugging him for the squares of laminated paper, but then he reluctantly hands them over.  (Score one for our team!)  A few minutes later, our server shows up with our drinks and some menus and she frowns at the menus we had scooped from the guy, puts our drinks on the table and starts to walk away, and DH says: no, wait, we are ready to order.  (We did't want to take the chance of losing her!)  I got the fish and chips, DH got the Cobb wrap with onion strings.  It arrived fast and ice-cold.  My chips (fries) were limp and greasy, fish was crispy looking and golden brown, but interior was dry and stringy---can we say over-cooked?  DH said his wrap was bland and dry---the tortilla was so bereft of moisture it was sucking the saliva out of his mouth.  His onion strings would have been delicious hot---they were surprising good even cold and congealed.  He did ask for some mayo to try to lube up the wrap, and seriously---she brought him about a teaspoon in a small black cup. (Gotta watch those food costs!)  The manager did do a drive-by a few minutes after we got our drinks but before our food arrived---how can I answer "how's everything guys?" when "everything" is iced tea and water with lemon?  (BTW, the iced tea was very good!)  He never came by to check in again. Neither did the server, although she did drop off the check about three minutes after the food---that's when DH was able to ask for the mayo.  Like another Yelper, we paid cash so we didn't have to endlessly wait for change and then got the heck out of there.  And no, we didn't leave a tip.  If our server didn't care about our dining experience, why should I care about her working experience?Frankly, horrible service and horrible food.  You know, we desperately need another reasonably-priced "family" restaurant here in Cave Creek/Carefree---but Gallagher's isn't it.  So if you ever wonder why an attractive place with a decently varied menu is always mostly empty---read and believe the Yelps--I think they are only still open because they have like a bazillion tvs and (no pun attended) they are like the only game in town for that level of restaurant.
The Austrailian Wagyu fillet and dry aged Angus 300 NY Strip were awesome. The truffle Mac and Cheese is definitely a must. Pass on the sautéed spinach. The 4 types of house bread is also good. Also get the additional seared foie gras! I was not expecting much from the sea bass but it was delicious as well!Next time I have to try the Austrailian tomahawk ribeye.
VERY VERY impressed with the beverage program here. My wife and I stopped by for a quick bite to eat and before we headed to the Elvis show. We sat at the bar and had Kelly as are Bartender . For me to say the cocktail list was great would not give this place justice hats off to the staff who executed cocktails to the tee. Every cocktail we had they nailed on the head , it is rare now a days that you can find cocktails that compete with the food. American Fish does just that not only were the cocktails excellent , the food was outstanding the best part about it is that my wife and i put are full experience in the hands of the bar staff for we did not order any thing . We requested to Kelly to give use your best apps, Entree, Dessert & cocktails. She not only pared our food and cocktails,  the service was the icing on the cake . We will definitely be back for another great experience.Well Done My Man , Well DoneCheers ....Nectaly Mendoza
This was the only buffet we tried (first time visitors) so we don't have anything to compare it to in town. It was nice and at $40/pp reasonably priced. The variety is small but great tasting, and I could have eaten the Na'an all night. The husband enjoyed the brisket. Everything was clean and bright but a bit too cafeteria style for my taste. Overall I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if it's convenient it's a good option.
We wanted pho and asian food.. we didnt want to drive far to get some asian food and they have good reviews so we came here. My friends ordered pho and dimsum my bf and i ordered pad see wu and sweet amd sour chicken.. surprisingly pad see wu was good not the sweet and sour chicken. The pho was very diffrent from how we normally eat it. The pho had a strong taste cinnamon.. not use to that. Dimsum was really good too. It had a very clean taste not salty or oily.Last-i love thai tea. Thai tea was very good :)
Solid dumplings at a great deal. Two orders for two people = almost too much food. We ended up stuffing ourselves though and making it work :) We ordered the shrimp-zucchini and pork-leek. The waitstaff was not super helpful or friendly though, and we weren't wow-ed by the dumplings like we thought we'd be.
The only thing this place has in common with east coast pizza is that it has something resembling cheese, dough, and sauce. Please do not call a pizza "east coast" or "NY" style just because it's thin.Having grown up and spent most of my life in NJ/NY area, I've had my fair share of good pizzas. This place does not even remotely compare to anything in NY.The crust was not cooked at all. The sauce had no taste. The cheese was burnt, and it was not fresh mozzarella. You could taste the chlorine from the water in the dough.There are plenty of decent NY pizza places in the Chicago area (e.g. Cafe Luigi). Sadly, there is nothing even resembling good quality pizza in the Champaign/Urbana area, this is including Papa Del's or Antonio's. I'd save my money and eat at home.
If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no. I LOVE fried chicken! Always on the hunt for the tender fried feathered...unfeathered friend. I have chowed here 4 times expecting it to be orgasmic, wanting to love it. Well, I don't. I have finally decided to post why. I am not from the school of "one and done" everybody, well almost everybody when it comes to food get's a second chance. Sometimes even more. I am done with Lo-Lo's however. Here is the phat skinny. I order the KK's. It is 3 pieces of chicken with two waffles, grits and cheesy onion eggs. I have a big ASS Kool-Aid, (wish they had the purple stuff) and I eat the whole damn meal. The waffles are ok for me, they are not as crisp on the outside as I would like and they are soooo thin. The cheese and onion eggs are great. But c'mon, the fried chicken at a fried chicken joint needs to be OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! With all fellow yelpers basically saying that it is I feel like I'm going to be sent off Yelp Island. Fortunately my little sis is a part of Yelp so I may get a free pass...ala second chance! The Fried Chicken here tastes like someone broke out some progresso bread crumbs and a big ass bottle of wesson cooking oil and cooked about 100 batches in the same dirty oil. It just had the burnt dirty oil flavor every time. I am not a fan of that. The Thighs were pretty descent, the breast was horrible. Every time the breast meat is dry, bland and has that off putting oil taste.  So, LO-LO....NO-NO, get some Purple Drink-Mix and keep that damn bird moist. Change the oil more often and I will try again. Untill then I will keep creating my own "Ghetto Taco" Thats what we call them in New York. A box of Churches a bottle of hot sauce and a box of frozen waffles..... with some Cream of Wheat on the side!!
I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I had heard great reviews and there seems to be such a lack of good Mexican food in Pittsburgh.We arrived on a Sunday evening around 7:30; the Pens game was playing at the bar. All was good. Noticing that the restaurant closes at 9, we quickly ordered and out came the salsa, chips and a few beers. The salsa tasted as if they added plain tomato sauce and the chips were cold and had a stale texture.  We decided to give the guacamole a try (with a fresh, warm basket of chips). It was delicious and the highlight of our meal!Our Chili Rellenos meals soon arrived and were so disappointing.  Too much breading on the CR and hardly any fillings in the enchilada/taco that accompanied.  The beans and rice were tasty, but dry.  Our waitress was apathetic . We still chalked this up to "well... it IS a Sunday evening" This may sound like an oxymoron, but what really disgusted us was the cleaning. While I am finishing up a meal in a restaurant, the last thing I want to see is a wet, soggy mop (gag) or a staff member standing nearby waiting for me to finish my meal so that she/he can sweep under my table. We saw both right under our noses. At this point it was maybe 8:15. The Pens were still playing, but they shut off the game and started turning chairs upside down (on the tables)  As I stated before, the restaurant was open till 9 o'clock. We had leftovers. On our way to the car we tossed them in the garbage can. I'm only giving this place 2 stars because of the guacamole.
I have only eat the Pho so my review is biased but the Pho is dang good. Best I have had in Phoenix at a restaurant. So far only my bro's wife makes better Pho!
Nice, safe, location. Clean restaurant. Great tasting subs and cheesesteaks.
Not the worst subway experience.  Not the best.
This place was a fun and refreshing alternative to the conventional restaurant for date night. The menu offers creative combinations of toppings and then you pick the style of sausage you want and it's all served on warm naan. At first, I was given the wrong order, but the staff was friendly, quick to apologize and fixed their mistake. The food truck scene allows us to bring the dog and for $20, we had a delicious meal and a change of scenery. Awesome.
If I give a start it is just for the friendly staff working there. The food quality is pretty poor! The worst tasteless Poutine! I ever tried in Montreal! The thing they offer as a Pizza is called "Flammekueches" in other places and is much cheaper! The place itself is cool, but you pay too much for the food they offer!
Place was good, we had been loyal customers since their opening days and tips very well.  However, nowadays they are often busy, and servers have become very rude.  One day, my wife came in to pick up a take out.  They didn't provide the sauce that is supposed to go with the food.  My wife politely asked for the sauce, and they first stated take-outs don't come with sauces, and then they provided the wrong sauce.  My wife asked for the correct sauce for the food and stated she will pay for the sauce, and the response was "even you have the money, we will not sell it to you".  Well, we will not be going there anymore after that!  We know the owner lady, and she is a very nice person, so she is hearing from us soon...
Amazing bread - shaved meat, large sandwich and Wise Potato Chips!  Top of this list and a new favorite!!!
Pizza is pretty good but I expected more in atmosphere. The one on High St looks like it is decorated much more to match the creative names on the menu. This one kind of looks like a diner. Great beer selection and amazing names of their dishes. No wait on a Sat night was a definite plus but I expected more.
this place was amazing the food was great and not that expensive. It was super cool how Chef Carlos came out to introduce himself and after we were done with our meal he came out just to make sure everything was ok.. The burger was nice and juicy. My wife had a chopped steak and that was great the mashed potatoes were good and the steak was juicy and cooked to perfection. This is going to be our new weekly place to eat.
Items Selected:Slice of PepperoniGarlic KnotsEggplant Rollatini - Thinly Sliced Eggplant, Fried Golden, Stuffed with Housemade Ricotta and Mozzarella over MarinaraRed Velvet CakeHalf-Order of BomboliniAs authentic as many New York slice shops despite its Westside location in Summerlin's Boca Park, East Side Pizza had been earmarked for a visit for some time when I entered its doors on Saturday night and with football playing on two screens as fairly steady stream of foot traffic arrived for takeout the experience was as good as expected - no more and no less.Clearly a locals-only sort of spot, despite ownership proudly declaring Big Apple roots, a visit to East Side Pizza begins at the end of a long counter where single slices are there to temp and with ordering available up front or seated at tables to the right I found myself a four-top where the Italian-American menu expanded well beyond the giant rings of dough being hand tossed by a duo of young men standing before ovens glowing electric orange.Obviously there for the pizza, but also willing to sample a few appetizers along with, it was with recommendations from a friendly female server that my order was made and with little delay the meal began with the aforementioned slice, a classic pepperoni concoction with a bit of char, plenty of crunch, and a stream of grease pooling on the plate when folded to take a bite.  Less successful, a followup of 'garlic knots' had none of the expected crunch and although reasonably laced with garlic butter the dinner-roll texture left me luke-warm, a sidecar of classic marinara improving the flavors only a smidge.At this point experiencing a bit of delay due to several take-out orders occurring at once it was after perhaps twenty minutes of watching Oregon State and ASU that the $10 Eggplant Rollatini arrived and although meager in portion with only three thin slices of eggplant on a bed of marinara with a veil of cheese both the flavors and textures shined, a similar kind word offered to the rich cocoa tones of limited-edition Red Velvet Cake but completely inappropriate for thimble-sized 'bombolini' that lacked any semblance of yeasty nuance, instead presenting nothing but oily fried dough.Friendly service, save for an older woman jokingly spouting semi-racist epithets to the men spinning dough, and fairly good red sauce classics are the name of the game at East Side Pizza and although never particularly sold on the idea that New York Style is a pie worth seeking out the version here is pretty close to the real deal while other options vary in quality and quantity compared to price paid.
I climaxed!   I usually go to Sambalatte!  I'm loyal!  I don't cheat!  But I was there a few hours ago when I friend suggested coffee and of course there!  I said lets go to Leone Cafe it by my jeweler Jeff White Designs and she has never been..I like introducing people to knew dope places!  I used to come her with my ex husband and I just preferred to sit outside Samballate so if I ran into him I could run lol but u said Leone's today...my friend got a bagel with bacon and eggs and a bowl of fresh fruit with a mocha ...I git a new signature hot drink called Cafe Leonard it was extra hot and minty and like a hot mint fudge drink.  I ordered the smokey eggs which was a copious amount of smoked salmon, pouched PERFECTLY eggs, radishes, spring mix, red onions, omg I can go on.  CRAZY COOKED PERFECT!  Micheal and Domenic served and cheated our table and the handsome owner greeted and spoke with every table...PATRON this amazing independent cafe!!!!  Well Done!!!
I absolutely love this place.  Always come here when I'm in Vegas.  I never visit the LA location though...I like this place better then boiling crab because it's WAY less oily and the flavor is more intense. 1 bad thing is that they are always out of blue crab and dungeness crab by late afternoon.  I always get at least 2 lbs of crawfish, HOT N'Juicy special (do not say whole shabang, the staff doesn't like that) Xtra Spicy... and I mean I like things spicy but they can never get it to where my nose is watering and my mouth is on fire... I guess thats better for my ulcer.Staff works as a team and they are usually really good about refills and getting your order out to you quickly.  I always need to be near a bathroom 1-3 hrs after eating at Hot N Juicy though... if ya know what I mean...
My husband and I went to grab a beer and a bite to eat before heading over to a comedy show. Sat down at the bar, greeted 5 minutes later and ordered a beer. We asked for menus to see what we wanted and that's the last of us getting any attention. We sat there for over a half an hour watching the bartenders just chat with themselves and dance for the manager right in the corner next 2 us and finally we had enough. We asked for the bill and thanked them for never coming back to check in on us at which the bartender said "oh sorry" with an attitude. We spoke to the manager when we left to let him know what a disappointing experience we had. He offered to get someone who could take our order and would even comp us but that was not why we wanted to talk to him, it was more about him knowing what type of service was being given in his restaurant. We stay at the Hotel Palomar right next door many times a year and will take our business to the other restaurants nearby.
Fresh, hand drawn noodles made and cooked before your eyes is a rarity these days. That alone is worth a visit. The #6 ground soya sauce pork was a bit greasy/salty for my taste, but the noodle texture was very "Asian al dente" (springy with chew), a nice change from super soft rice noodles commonly found in Cantonese cooking.A side of soup comes with the dry noodle options, although it did have some MSG, but not an overwhelming amount.Serving size is large.  If you can finish a bowl, my hats off to you.I'll be back to try the soup based noodles.
We have ordered delivery from Sofia's 8 times now through Eat24Hours. This last order was now the 6th time the restaurant has failed to read directions on our order. Sometimes certain items in my order are just simply not delivered at all. Sofia's doesn't seem to be able to put their heads on straight, so we're taking our business elsewhere. So sick of your screw-ups! Cya!
The service was okay, nice and friendly staff. The food was sometimes good, depending on what you order. The fried tofu and sweet sour fish fillet were great IMO. I did try fried rice here once, and it was meh...Price is reasonable though.
Been here a few times, trying to like it more than I do, but it's just so so. Burgers are good, some rather creative choices like the Mac 'n Cheese Burger and the Juicy Lucy, and they're keeping up with what seems to be a more and more popular trend of Tater Tots or Sweet Potatoe Tots or "Sweet Tots" as they like to call theirs.  Everything I have had has been good.  Maybe it's the fact that it seems to take too much time, and I have to listen to one staff members hang over stories to another and what bar are they going to tonight after work.  Maybe it was during each of the 3 times they came by to ask me how my meal was, my mouth was completely full, but somehow I got the point across that it was fine.  Not that the meal changed in the next few minutes or so, but they still wanted to know if it was still fine, and again.  I finally pointed to my full mouth until he needed his head that he understood.  Pet Peeve of mine, Over Service is just as bad as Under Service.  Good Food, Great Beer Selection, and Lots of TV's for such a small place.
Have heard great things about The Hub and the raves were right on. Definitely a sports bar, you want to watch it, it's on! Food was great and service was awesome! Callie was right on with all of her recommendations. We will definitely be back!
I thought the food was pretty decent. We ordered the guacamole which was pretty solid and I had the tacos. Not bad overall but nothing to write home about.The place was kind of cool/trendy being set up in a hotel, but it was like 75% empty on a Saturday night which was kind of weird.
There are very few restaurants in the East Valley that give you nutritional/ calorie information for all of their menu items, and that is just  ONE of the reasons we like The Good Egg! Our favorite menu items are their Healthy One Crepes with the chicken breast, broccoli, and spinach that is topped with a light Hollandaise sauce...and the ( not so healthy but super delish) Lumberjack potato skillet with potatoes, bacon, sausage, ham, mushrooms and cheese topped with eggs. Not only is their food very good but their servers are always friendly and food prep is fast. If you want to go to a restaurant that has consistently good food and service, this is the place....and they have punch cards -one punch per visit so you can enjoy a free meal once in a while!
Stumbling through NoDa a bit buzzed on the weekend? Stop by this food truck parked near Dog Bar then, I promise you won't regret it. The truck is small so you might miss it if it wasn't for the delicious smells wafting from this little gem.I wandered up here one tipsy night and proceeded to order a chimichurri chicken roti. If you haven't ever had a freshly rolled roti made to order in front of you and topped with expertly seasoned potatoes, chicken and other goodies then you are missing out. I also procured myself a banging chicken cuban during a food truck kickoff event and man was it banging! Crispy flavorful seared crust on the chicken with a juicy tender center paired with a lovingly buttered and toasted bun and peppers. I just wanted it all in my mouth, and that's exactly what happened.A caveat for the hungry customer it's cash only here. Prices are just a tad high for what you get but I can deal with that when the food is this good.
Been trying to think of a pizza that I have had in Charlotte that was worse.....have not been able to.
Beach Hut Deli seemed to be all the rage at work, so a bunch of us decided to go one day and it was the best decision ever! There is a really cool island vibe inside, surf boards on the walls and your sandwiches are served on Frisbees. I love the automatic doors and the giant menu on the wall so you can decide what you want without holding up the line. I have since been here about 3 times and look forward to coming back again really soon. On my first visit I went for the classic, surfin bird. When it arrived it was so large I wasn't sure how I was going to eat it. You definitely want to stick to the small! The sandwich had great flavor and everything really worked together perfectly. I was a little worried about the slices of cream cheese, but it added a nice creamy texture to the sandwich. On my next visit I split the Spicolli with a friend and we were a bit disappointed. The ticket machine stopped working so we waited a little longer than normal and then the sandwich didn't have much flavor. We could taste the turkey and bacon, but not the ranch which would have really tied the flavors together. I came again the next day for lunch with my husband and fell in love with the Hobie. This classic Italian sub really did it for me. I loved the Italian dressing and all of the flavors really worked perfectly together. I also really love the Dirty brand potato chips that they sell, they are super delicious and a perfect crunchy compliment to any sandwich.This is easily one of the best sandwiches that you will find in Las Vegas. I love that their sandwiches all have a twist, rather than being the same old sandwiches you get anywhere. They definitely have a signature style and flavor profile and I am a huge fan. I am already excited for my next visit!
Hard to find a good Chinese place that you want to go back to. This place is one of those rare finds. We were excited when they opened up and have been faithful patrons ever since. The staff is great and always smiling and willing to make accommodations to your order if you request it.On one visit the place was really busy and I was waiting around for my to go order. They offered me a free soda just for having to wait a couple of minutes longer than normal. This last visit I ordered online because the baby was crying the the 5 year old was running around crazy like. Well a couple of minutes later the phone rings and it is the restaurant asking when we will be showing up so they can ensure that the order is not sitting around getting cold. Now that is service!!
Stopped by for lunch on a shopping trip. The prime dip was excellent. I can still taste it now and I'm writing this review weeks after.  This is a great place to grab a beer before a movie or dinner before a movie. Can't wait to try something else on the menu. One more tidbit: The music playing here was excellent, I heard around 5 songs in a row that were great and I'm not talking only top 20 hits, these were everything from alternative to popular music. Anyways, I can't remember the last time I heard two good songs in a row that I loved or even recognized at any restaurant much less 5 extraordinary songs that you recognize and love. It's like the restaurant was luring me in slowly with great food and music.  Can't wait to come back!
Good food, right price and the right attitude. Hard to find a good combination like this even at upscale or chain places. Will be back for sure
They really have good south Indian dishes especially Kotthu paratto, spciy chicken garvy. But I would rate the buffet as average in terms if taste and variety. And I love their Biryani. Staffs are really nice.
Great selection of food. All you can eat has a great selection of delicious rolls and other type of dishes you can order from. Courteous  servers it was a great place to eat sushi
If I could give no stars I would. After my boyfriend tried to convience me not to get a grill cheese, being a chef he said he'd just make me somthing as good if not better at home, I refused and said I want to support local business and try this place because of the great reviews!  I went over alone and ordered the three cheese with blue cheese,aged cheese and one another I can't remember. Came out on a standered white peice of thin bread with a little cheese. The cheese wasn't even melted after eating half of it my boyfriend wanted to take it back and have them actually melt the cheese all the way. When he returned he told me they rudely looked at him like how dare they bring this uncooked grill cheese back.  They didn't even appoligize...said nothing at all to my boyfriend. I was okay with the bad grilled cheese but terrible customer service in the food industry...unacceptable. How can you be a grilled cheese food truck and not know how to make grilled cheese and be to over the top pricey! Wow...thank god I had an unbelievable lobster roll at the lobster ladies truck before this let down. Should of spent my hard earned cash at the pho king...never again will I support them.
Second time to the food carts in a week and I must say that lunch is starting to become my favorite meal of the day! I've never had Indonesian food before, but everything on the menu looked so enticing I just had to give it a try. I ordered one of the two specials for today: the ayam semur, and even if I hadn't realized it when I was ordering it, it was just what I was in the mood for! The chicken is slow cooked in a sweet soy sauce and spooned over a healthy portion of white rice. The entree is also served with a side of pickled vegetables (yum!) and prawn chips (which get kind of soggy in the styrofoam carryout boxes). The serving of ayam semur I got was not as large as the portion of Indonesian fried rice that I saw someone else order (even though both are the same price and have pretty much the same ingredients), but for $7, it was enough to tide me over until a late dinner. Kakilima, stay exactly where you are. I will be back tomorrow!PS: Cash only! Remember to stop by an ATM on the way over.
I would give this place 4.5 Stars for quality and price.  Black Miso Cod was definitely a 5, but I wish the skin was crispy.  As for the Fries, it was the best fries I've ever had even though it was $9.  Ramen was below average because the noodle were soggy and overcooked.  The broth was pretty good though.  I would definitely come back again as this place is cheaper than I thought it would be.  Maybe it's just Vegas cuz I'm sure the Beverly Hills location will cost much more.
I always get their salads and the Gyro meat is not greasy, Chicken is very good as well too. Lettuce, cukes, peppers, olives, onions. Easy location but can fill up at lunch with Honeywell folks sometimes. Pitas are great! Service is friendly and prompt.
Anxious to see this new addition and knowing it was being marketed as the largest in the US., my family went on the second day it was open.  Admission for 2 adults and 1 child came to $52 and change, which made it more expensive than other local attractions.  Overall, we enjoyed the experience but it was not worth the money, especially when both the Phoenix Zoo and Desert Botanical Garden are a 15 minute drive away, both are cheaper, larger, provide much more to see and do for a longer period of time, and DBG has it's own Spring Butterfly Exhibit.Our son enjoyed the 3D movie, and throughout our entire visit, was the most educational aspect provided - although it centered around Monarch butterflies and their migration only.  The Chrysalis Lab, which you visit next, was the highlight of the visit.  However, there was absolutely no information provided aside from the paper tags identifying the types of butterflies in each type of cocoon.  Because you visit this area directly after the movie and the entire theater is emptied directly into this room, you really only have the length of the next movie to enjoy yourself before being crowded in upon by the next incoming group.  Due to my family being at the back of our theater, by the time the room cleared out enough to give us a good view of the cocoons, we had about 5 minutes or so and then were swarmed by the next large group of people anxious to get a look and were crowded out.The atrium itself was alright, but disappointing for what was being boasted about it.  It was hot and humid, as to be expected, and the vegetation has a lot of growing to do before it can even be considered as rainforest-y.  The butterfly guide provided when admission was paid was both lacking quite a few species which were spotted, and listed a handful which weren't identified anywhere.  Aside from the few guides answering questions for children and marking their punch cards (they received a prize at the end for having a completed punch card), there was absolutely no information, signage, etc. provided anywhere...which was disappointing.The ant colony and bee exhibit were alright, but have potential to be much better.  There were a few native AZ species in a corner that looked like they were thrown in as an afterthought and were out of place.  The fish seemed as an odd addition, and were nothing spectacular.  All very common species of fish found at any chain pet store and in the center of the room was a touch tank with 4 very small stingray laying on the bottom of the pool.  Only one came up on occasion, and the moment it was touched, went straight back down to the bottom.  Not faulting the stingray and wanting to be left alone, but a lot more could be done with that exhibit if they want to make it memorable in any way.Overall, a once-a-year-if-that sort of place unless you REALLY like butterflies.  It was expensive, and didn't provide enough for more than 1 1/2 to 2 hours of entertainment in its entirety.  Other valley organizations are cheaper, and have a lot more to offer.  I'll wait until the Odyssey Aquarium is built next to it, before ever venturing back over to that area.
Good butter burger. Their combo salad instead of fries is pretty good too!
I got food poisoning from their food after talking to the hostess about the poor service we received. They were very rude and,  I'm guessing,  did something to my food.  Horrible experience!
Second visit - worse than the first.  Ordered ribs.  They should call them boiled ribs instead of BBQ ribs.  Fatty, greasy and pink with no BBQ char at all.  So bad I let the dogs eat some and threw the rest away.  I made myself two pieces of toast instead.
they have different ketchups to dip fries with however our fries were over cooked. wakey wakey burger was good as it was kinda like breakfast in burger form. 3.5/5sloppy mess was meh as it wasn't anything special. 2.5/5I would not go out of may to come here but if you are starving and in need of a quick bite with out paying an arm and a leg this may be an option of you.
Our first time there and it was terrific. Nice conccept, Asian fusion, Dim Sum and a modern twist to traditional dishes and preparation. Might sound confusing, but well executed all around. The meal started off with cocktails, again with  G&G's own take followed shortly by a selection of 5 Dim Sum dishes. Pork belly, scallop ceviche, beef tartare, duck confit and an asian style cold noodle....wonderful all. Mains included a seafood sausage in brodo, a crispy and unctious pork cheek with a fried egg and a tremendous goat curry stew. All I can say is that, after being open only 6 months, this is a "must" stop, being a foodie or not. Excellent  food, service, and ambiance.
I go here three times a week.   The service is airways excellent and the proprietor Serik really cares about his patrons.   The food is good Italian,  much better than u have found at the Olive Garden.   The bartenders are all incredibly friendly and they have a fantastic happy hour.
