I had lunch here yesterday before the Pirates game with a few friends.  I have also been here a few times upstairs.  I really liked the fact that we had no problem getting a seat at the bar or a table.  I usually go to the bars on the North Shore prior to Pirates game, but this was a lot less crowded and good for the group I was with.  In fact, truth be told the place was only about 1/2 full (on Bucs opening day!?).  The food was okay.  I tried these nachos which were good and interesting because it had a decent quality sausage as the meat and not just ground beef.  I also really liked the sweet potato fries.  They were delicious and you usually can't get these at too many places.  I ordered the lobster roll.  It was a ton of lobster, however some of the lobster was a little overcooked and it was ice cold.  I can understand serving cool even though Id prefer warm, but ice cold really wasn't that good when they put warm butter on it.  I also tried the tortilla soup, which was really rich and had a good spicy flavor.  The only thing missing in the tortilla soup was the tortilla chips.  A minor oversight I imagine.  Overall, a pretty decent place when you are looking to just have a few beers with friends.  I've also tried the upstairs bar which is the more upscale section.  The bar is huge which is good plenty of room, and their is plenty of seating including leather couches.  The happy hour is okay, but it's pretty much a ghosttown after 8 PM.  Overall a decent place for quiet drinks without the crowds and a little better than average food.

We sat at the bar and only ate oysters, but all-in-all it was an excellent experience!  Craig and the other bartender (sorry i forgot her name...she was very sweet) were on top of it, and service was excellent. The oysters were delicious and drinks were good too.  They made our Charlotte experience better. Thanks!

I just had lunch at the Phoenix City Grille. The food was pretty good, but the service was not the best.  I got the Green Chile Burger, and it was pretty good. We were served quickly, but the waitress didn't come check on us for several minutes. I needed mayonnaise for the burger, but I had to wait at least 10 minutes for the server to return to ask for it. I also had a mimosa. It was good, but the server never asked if I cared for another. The server only asked me if I wanted more water when it was time to leave the restaurant.  It also seemed to take awhile to get the check and pay for the food. The restaurant was only moderately busy, and it seems like they only had a few servers working. I really don't fault the server. It just seems like she was waiting on too many people.

Very nice staff excellent food and a great place to see live bands

************The dinner plates are .......  a Good Value**************          The Dinner Plates come with a Nice Size Greek Salad with Feta Cheese.          Plus a side of Rice or French Fries and Pita Bread.      We've eaten here three times ...... the first time was disappointing.The last two times .......... HAVE BEEN OUTSTANDING.The portions are very generous .....and the seasoning RIGHT ON.                             My Wife enjoyed her Kabob ......                     My Gyros ...... the best I've had in Arizona

Of course if they claim to have the best fish tacos-I had to try them. I liked the fish, nice large pieces, deep fried, not too heavy on the batter. Although I found the tacos a bit dry, and I didn't think their sauce was anything special-but at least they had sauce! I asked for just the tacos and they charged me and gave me the entire meal, therefore only three stars...and my search for awesome fish tacos continues.

We went here for our anniversary tonight . I havent ate a red lobster for 10 years because of how gross it was! But we decided it was time again after reentering the real world ( we justed moved back from the bush alaska) . And to tell you it wasnt bad at all. I really enjoyed my dinner and service! And my alcoholic drink actually had alcohol in it

Ok, so I've never been a fan of Domino's in the past and I can't say much has changed since they said they had redone their recipe for a "better" pizza. The crust is just too overly seasoned. That really turns me off. It tastes like they put way too much garlic powder combined with Mrs. Dash on it, ew.The texture is ok, but it's really not doing it for me. I prefer Pizza Hut or Papa John's still if I'm going for a cheap pizza on the quick.

If I ever leave Las Vegas Capriotti's will be the only thing I miss.  This is the only Capriotti's I went to that had an actual dine in sit down area.  All the other Capriotti's I've gone to had 2 or 3 tables for their sit down area and that was it.  I think they put coleslaw on all of their sandwiches so I always order w/no slaw since I'm not a fan of it.  My favorite sandwich here is the capastrami.  The sla-be-joe was ok and the bobby is always a good choice.  They have plenty of other sandwiches to choose from but I haven't tried any others because I always get the capastrami.  The prices here are a little more than what you'd expect from a sandwich place but I feel like it's definitely worth it and it's still very reasonable.  A small 9 inch sub is around $7, a medium 12 inch is $9 and a large 20 inch is $13.  Every time you eat here they give you a $3 off coupon for your next visit.  You have to go online and fill out a short questionnaire but it's worth it to get some money off for your next visit.  Other than the coleslaw overload the only thing I don't like about this place is that they close at 8 but they are still deserving of 5 stars despite of that.

After nearly 4 years I've finally ventured out to Chaya.  What took me so long?  I'm always mildly hesitant about seafood when I'm in a city not by the coast, but a man does what he's gotta do when he's got a craving.Three of us ordered a roll combination platter to split as well as our own food.  I ordered yellowtail cheeks, my friend ordered eel, and my last friend is boring.First came the salad.  It was pretty standard, but any sign of vegetation is a good thing for the college male.Next up was their karaage.  Ohmygoodness it was the best karaage I have ever had.  Now I've never had karaage in Japan, but lots of people hyped it up for me and I was scared it would be a letdown.  The flesh was so flavorful and juicy it completely blew my mind away and left me craving more as soon as it was over.  Drool.Miso soup was also pretty standard.The roll combination was a disappointment.  Yes, we had it coming for ordering a platter of rolls, but it was only b/c the sushi/sashimi platters would have either been too big (the 70 dollar boats) or too small (the 10 piece combo's).  In retrospect we should have just ordered a la carte Nigiri...  I noticed halfway through the meal they had Anago available that night too...My yellowtail cheeks were delicious.  Personally I love fish cheeks (as well as the part of fish right by the tail when I order fish whole).  It's super tender and rich and tastes so delicate.My end of the bill came out to be around 30, which was perfectly.  I would've been perfectly happy if we had dropped the roll combination and I had picked up a piece of Toro and a piece of Anago instead.Service was excellent and the their timing was impeccable; they have it all down to an art.  The next time I'm back I completely want to try their Omakase.  In Japanese it means "It's up to you" with "you" being the chef.I was slightly disappointed when I saw my companions throw their wasabi into soy sauce and completely mix it up.  That is not how sushi should be eaten.....

Cabo is my favorite restaurant. As a huge fish/seafood lover I am always in heaven when I visit. No matter what you order everything is always fresh and delicious. The menu items aren't overly complicated and the featured specials are always a hit. Two thumbs up!

Worth every damn penny.

Who wouldn't love this place?? The weather is crap so we order Jimmy Johns. Order it at 1:39...he rings my bell at 1:50. Needless to say the food is great. From ordering to receiving its an all around good experience.

very trendy mexican resturant that has horrible service from old ladies who can't hear or move fast enough to keep your drinks filled.  and the place smells very bad.  i suggest a little remodeling along with some spring cleaning.

Since my last review I have been here many times and I must say there service has improved a lot!  I really do love their food... as of late I am stuck on their Artesian Tuna Melt... YUM!  So they get another star:)

Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad. We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?    My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.  If I return, it wont be for a while.

Ive been here like 5 times now and the only thing I get is the Danny's special. That's the only reason I give it a 5 star lol Can't speak for anything else!Anyway, the wings are AMAZING. I hate when wings are soggy on the outside,  but these are perrrfect, crispy on the outside but still smothered in sauce. I get the mild and my boyfriend usually gets the teriyaki and they are both delish. AND it comes with fries!  10 wings & seasoned fried for like 8 bucks, always hits the spot and fills me up

the outdoor seating is great with the waterfall in the background. The food was mediocre, while the service was good and outdoor seating great, i would not go back secondary to the quality of the food. to note: they serve until 2 am!

Never had a bad meal here. Good burgers nachos and beer. The place is always crowded. Great for people watching.

I've been here twice and this place is awesome! The first time I went it was very packed for the USA World Cup game. I split the pretzel appetizers, which came with phenomenal mustard. The pretzels were massive and really buttery, soft, and great. I shared the Tap Room Tenderloin and ordered it with Chipotle sauce. It was cooked perfectly and the chipotle really enhanced the flavors. Would definitely recommend. Shared a pitcher of Sunbru which was really great and refreshing on a hot summer day. The second time I went with family from New Jersey who are quite picky folks. They had just gotten in from a long flight and were starved. They were SUPER impressed with the beers, both of my parents ordered flights and loved all. As for appetizers- we ordered the buffalo wings, which to our pleasant surprise were way spicier than expected, the spinach artichoke dip, which was filled with way more flavor than I had ever had, the Thai Hummus, which was superb, and a shrimp/goat cheese bruchetta. Every single item that touched my Sunbru cleansed palette was amazing. Not one thing was bland, they were all kicked with amazing flavors and combinations I could never replicate. Can't wait to keep trying the great things on the menu!

For the price and the amount of food you get, I think it's only ok.  I'm a small little girl with a tiny stomach. I went to earls afterwards and put down a salad, a soup, and half a sandwich.  The service was great tho.  It's just a little too quiet in here for me. I almost fell asleep.

DEL INFERNO, MI CORAZONThis DT caught my eye one night while we were driving back to our room. Had I been driving, we surely would have been rear-ended because I have a tendency to slam on my brakes when I see their happy signs.Note: I only order crunchy tacos. Whether I'm at Del Taco or Taco Bell, I do not stray from my simple order: between 3 and 8 crunchy tacos. I usually prefer them with light meat and extra lettuce. They have to have 3 packets of hot sauce (I like to use one mild, one medium, and one hot) and a half-packet of salt. So here we are in Vegas and I see DT, so of course (!) I made my husband park even though we'd been on our feet all day and were exhausted. We found a parking spot several blocks away and walked through a detour for construction and around some dark corners until we were finally back on the strip and headed up to the food court. A polite employee gave me my tacos ($1.59 each) and the night was complete. Del Taco - please come to Walnut Creek, CA :)  xoxo

Stoped by with the family for my little sister's birthday, ordered a cheeseburger and Mozzerella Sticks. The cheese sticks were huge and delicious, the burger, also very large and tasty. The have these amazing super thin shoestring fries with awesome seasoning. First time I've been to this location, usually frequent Town Square but is very comparable. Service is very consistent between the two. Large portions, good location, great service, and plenty of seating. A little bit pricey depending what you order, but overall a nice dining experience.

Probably the best pizza in town. Wood fired oven (used for pizza, of course) also bakes their own bread, and wonderfully roasts vegetables for their vege, meat and cheese appetizer. They have a nice short list of house pizzas, or build your own to suit. Obscure wine list is fine, no harm trying a selection you haven't heard of before. Deserts are all homemade as well.

Best shake I have ever had...the French Kiss shake with Bailey's and Kahlua...and this is coming from someone who worked at Baskin Robbins through high school. Burgers were awesome. My boyfriend and I chose the angus build-a-burger. Burgers were cooked perfectly and we really liked the ciabatta roll. The jalapeno bacon was awesome. The chipotle aioli was really mild and good for dipping the sweet potato fries.  We will definitely return!

Chef Colicchio, the naming of a restaurant cannot be more apt. And forgive little ole me for claiming that you, sir, got the craft of steak, down to a science. In my experience, while other steak restaurants excel on steaks, they typically fall apart when it comes to a collective experience with the inclusion of the sides. Our selections of  the mushroom risotto, potato gratinand Brentwood sweet corn had our table clamoring for more.Oh, how I wish to revisit the evening soon.

I have been to the Great Dane for dinning and for just drinking on several occasions. I love the layout of the building and the decor. The Dane burger is great. I also enjoy the meatloaf. If you just want appetizers I recommend the nachos, soft pretzels and artichoke dip! Of course you can't forget the beer sampler!

Maybe i am just a sucker for buffet, but i like this place. It isnt the best i've had. They dont have a Seafood section, just some fried shrimp, and clams and fish (cooked), which are good nuff for me, considering the price. It is $18.95 sat-thru dinner, which is more reasonable than other hotel buffets in vegas. Friday night is Seafood night, but i've never been. my Fave items here are: Prime Rib (fill up on these), roasted potato with cream sprinkled on top, basil cream rotellini. The sushi is decent (spicy tuna being the best) and they have a "make your own pasta" Station, for the picky eaters, about 40 different dessert (chocolate mousse cake is best). and the ribs, while tender, has a little funk on the sauce. It's borderline Chinese BBQ pork-ish. They should stick to one. A cross between regular Kansas city BBQ sauce and hoisin based sauce isnt that great on the palate.Nothing much to complain about. Not too many people know about this place, so it is never crowded the 3 times I've gone (i go to vegas quite a bit my friends). Service is ok. And place is huge, so you will be seated :)

I'm a little late on writing this since I was in Vegas over Super Bowl weekend, but it's still worth writing about.This WOULD HAVE been the best steakhouse I've ever been to, but it sadly wasn't.  This evening, I wanted to treat my gf out to a great dinner before hitting up Zumanity.  As usual, we ran a few minutes late, but 10 minutes isn't anything to fuss over at 99.9% of restaurants.  However, it took them over THIRTY minutes to seat us.  Umm...with a show we don't want to be late for, that's some crumby management of tables.For the most part, the service was top notch and the sommelier was great.  For dinner we ordered the chateaubriand, the foir gras torchon, an iceberg salad, spinach and mushroom sides, and a great Bordeaux wine.The food was, for the most part, SUPERB.  Even the sides were as decadent as the main entrée.  I just wish we had had more time.  The meat in the chateaubriand was juicy, tender, and everything one could hope for as far as red meat goes.  The foie gras torchon was excellent, just a little rich for my palate.  I've had foie gras every way you could have it and honestly, I prefer pan seared.In the end, we had a rushed dinner because of being seated late, getting the check took forever because of some "system problem", and we ended up being late to Zumanity!  GRRRR!It ended up being okay though, because when we got there, one of the "actors" gave us shit about being late, but after we explained what happened, he hooked us up with front row/couch seats!  Thanks, SW for the Cirque upgrade, I guess...

Spoiler alert: the bill is average $120 per person.With that being said, if you want to be a foodie...or at least act the part...or just be treated like you own the Bellagio for a night, come right on down.  It's located down the escalators and it will be one of the most decadent meals of your life.I don't claim to know wine or liqueurs but I know they must be seriously good for the price they offer and the staff is great about suggesting pairings with your meal.  What I do claim to know is tasty food and that they do deliver.You can pick from 2 menus: the Degustation menu (5 course) or the Prix Fixe (4 course).  With only a $10 difference, I opted for the 5 course.  I will summarize because many have tasted the gloriousness that I have and have lived to write about it as well.Maine Lobster Salad: salad as in tuna salad, chicken salad, etc.  Cool, refined, and accentuates the lobster.  Not overly drowned in superfluous additives like mayo.Pan-seared Scallop:  I have tasted tender scallops... but this was picture-perfect, cut-with a fork, sophisticatedly simple.Steak Foie Gras: probably my least favorite but only by personal taste.  Nice blacked crust with a tangy center.  Basically blackened foie gras.Kobe Filet Mignon: yes ladies and gentlemen, I chose to add $160 to my meal and try this heavenly cut of beef.  Perfectly marbled and juicy (recommended medium-rare).  While I may not agree that it should cost an additional $160, I cannot deny that it was the highlight of my dinner and probably the best cut of beef I have ever tasted.  Also accompanied by a the best ring of mashed potatoes but still no contest.  You can get kobe cuts across the street at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris and frankly better than anything I've eaten in my life (until I ate at Picasso).Dessert:  by now you will be full and probably not appreciate the choice as much as you should.  Tough choices... but if you make it this far, congratulations and here's to hoping payday comes soon after this meal.Great staff...they know that for a lot of us, this meal hurts the pockets, but they guide you through it and they talk like all those fancy waiters in the movies too

Not the best place, but the waitress was giving outstanding service.

Why on EARTH would Chef Aaron Sanchez put his name on any of the food at this restaurant?! Horrible! Tasteless! Don't waste your time on dinner. Perhaps as a music venue it is OK, but the food was disgusting. I ordered an appetizer of chicken wings. Sure the crunch was spot on but it was under salted and spiced. The chicken itself tasted like worn out shoe leather. I followed this by one of Chef Sanchez's signature dishes - a half rack of ribs. One bite into it and I was sorely disappointed. The ribs must have been steamed or boiled. It too was flavorless. To cover this up, it was slathered with a sauce that tasted like ketchup with hints of cayenne. This is not at all what I expected from an Adobo sauce. It was just straight up YUCK! I had it all packaged up to take back to my hotel and was SO angry I tossed it in the garbage as I walked back to my room. Shame on you Aaron Sanchez. Either take your good name off such horse-menure food or fire your executive chef and get someone who knows how to make it the way you intended it.

This place is adorable, the staff give great service and the food is delicious. What's not to love!?

3.5 starsOur server was incredibly nice and the Calamari appetizer was delicious.I ordered the Linguini al Mare and the description made it sound like pasta with marinara sauce and seafood. It was actually like a cioppino, which is not my favorite thing and having the linguini sitting in seafood sauce wasn't great. If you like cioppino though, they are very generous with the seafood.My bf got the Salmon Orzo and he said it was way too salty. Still pretty good, but it needed more sauce or something to balance out the salt.We were kind of disappointed, which is sad because we LOVE this place, especially the one in LA.

This place is amazing! I had the best BBQ ever....the ribs were do tender, the brisket melted in my mouth and the Mac n cheese was so good too! Highly recommend this place. The staff were attentive and Donny, the manager,  really cared that we were happy.

As visitors to Phoenix this past weekend, our group decided we wanted some delicious Mexican cuisine. We found a review for this place online and drove about 20 minutes (to what seemed like BFE) and finally arrived with hungry bellies. We were greeted by all 5 of the ladies standing near the entrance who seated us quickly. Our waitress arrived at our table quickly for our drink orders and was quite helpful. My only complaint about the service is that my friend's father wanted to try their $4 Rita-tini (?) that was advertised on the wall that was made with 3 Amigos Tequila. When he asked for the $4 special, we were told it was strictly for happy hour. The sign itself said absolutely nothing about happy hour - and the only reason I mention this is because every other sign in the bar that offered a drink special -only for happy hour- designated that clearly on the sign. The waitress wasn't amused when he jokingly asked if she could make an exception. Our meals were simply delicious. The carne asada was easily the best carne asada I've ever had, and being from Southern California I would like to think we have quite the selection. I personally ordered a 2 Chicken Tacos plate, which included rice and beans. The chicken was cooked differently from any other place I have ever been to, it was incredibly juicy and surprisingly flavorful. I couldn't pin point exactly what the other people at my table had ordered, but we were all settling into food comas shortly after commencing our delightful lunch (which wasn't the best thing considering we all had a 5 hour drive to make back to California).If I ever find myself in Phoenix again, or even somewhere remotely close by- I would definitely stop in for another meal.

We went here at 5 pm for dinner with my adult kids to celebrate my wife's birthday.The service was great. Everyone seemed professional and friendly.My kids love the Chilean Sea bass that was suggested by the waiter, we even ordered the second one.My wife was happy getting an order from my kids a Giant Fortune Cookie with a "Happy Birthday" written on the plate.We went home with a good memory and would like to come back when we are in Vegas next time.

We found this restaurant via Opentable.com for our 10th wedding anniversary. The view isn't bad. The Palms Hotel is not on the strip. You would have to take a cab to get there. The average fare for a single trip: $10My husband ordered a seafood spaghetti. I forgot the name of dish. Out of world! Good portion of seafood. I ordered a bone-in ribeye. My gosh, the steak was so juicy and I decided to keep some for home so I could enjoy chewing the steak. Worth a trip!

This restaurant is definitely just ok.  For $200 plus for three people I expect more.  Food ok, nothing special.  You can get better at Wendy's Asian restaurant on Spring Mountain and Jones!  And definitely better food and service at Raku.  Japanaise is a lovely looking restaurant with very cool ceilings but it ends there.  I didn't like having a paper overlay on my tablecloth or the fact that the busboy took my fork off my used appetizer plate and placed it back on the table for me to use on entrée.  Also, one of the three appetizers arrived ten minutes after the other two were served.  Wanted to be polite, so I waited, and then my dish was cold when I got to eat it.  What is the delay in getting a Hamachi appetizer to the table?  I truly throught they forgot my daughter's order it took so long.  I also said it was a birthday dinner when I made reservations and was told they acknowledge it.  Also whispered it to hostess.  Nothing!  I am local and think I expect more service.  I won't be coming back for sure.

Goodness gracious alive, do I ever love this place.I head out to U.S. Egg a couple of Sundays a month with my roomie and her pops.  We are seated speedily, and any number of leggy beauties are at our beck and call for the entirety of our stay.  The owner is gracious, and the waitresses are perpetually smiling.  The vibe is light.The clientele runs from old folks to hipsters to the hangover crowd.  The menu has quite a bit to choose from, but I always have the spinach florentine (try it; i promise you won't regret it).   I've heard tell that the veggie benedict and eggs over easy are remarkable, as well.  Servers leave a pitcher of ice cold water with us as we eat--they don't pester us or rush us or hint that we need to leave, even when our conversations run long.  I can't think of a better place to get breakfast.

The sushi is good. I looove the atmosphere. It is young and fun. Yes, there is amigos... but a wise man would know that sushi is not about that, but the dedication and love of the food. I eat here once a week. I do have to agree though that the appetizers or desserts are not included. But its good and they treat you well.

I used to go here a lot for lunch when I worked in Old Town, if the line wasn't super long. The sandwiches are healthy, all the while keeping it really tasty. Everything I have tried has not disappointed and the coffee is so good. Turkey club was my usual lunch order.

Sardella's does a pretty decent pizza and with the location it's convenient to stop in an pick one up on the way home. That's about as good as it gets. It's like rolling the dice when you order from here. You ask for blue cheese with your wings you get ranch. You order a pizza without an ingredient you are allergic to, you might get the ingredient anyway. And honestly, how hard is it to cut a pizza. I don't think I've ever been to a pizza place that has cut a pizza in a way that there were little triangle pieces in the middle. Not just once, but 3 times. Today was the last straw, I truly saw what was behind this locations issues. I spoke to a guy behind the counter that appeared to be running the store about my last pizza that was supposed to be half works, but ended up less than a third covered with toppings. His feed back was "yeah?', 'Have you ever tried to make a pizza?'. Are you kidding me? I told him I was only trying to bring it to his attention and he continued on with 'Listen, I have to feed 100 people/hour'. That's a great attitude and clearly shows that Quality Assurance is NOT Sardella's primary objective. Take it for what it is, I've been coming to this location on just about a weekly basis but I can confidently say that I can only put up with so much.

LOVE THIS PLACE!  i could eat here all the time.  i always go for lunch with friends or for dinner with family.  great for kids.  there is grass for the kids to run around on.  it is like going on a picnic at the park but with great food.  we go about once a month! well maybe more!

Wings were delicious.. Waitress was helpful. Just made a quick stop before a concert with my lady. I will definantley try to go back next time i'm in the area..!!

I had the worst sushi roll (salmon skin roll) in my life here! It was burnt.... other rolls and sashimi are medocre at best. Mido and kabuki are way better than this place.

Pho-gettaboudit... not impressed, the spring rolls were over-cooked and the chicken in the pho was no bueno.  The others at my table seemed to enjoy their meal, but I think they're just used to being let down.Also, let me stand on my soap box and announce something to all small business owners.  You don't like it when people pay with credit or debit cards?  You don't like paying that 3-4.5% fee for electronic paying customers?  Huh.  Well guess what... you should build that into your pricing!  'Cause guess what?  NO ONE likes to see a sign that they will be paying 50 cents or whatever extra just because they don't have cash.  It rubs me the wrong way almost every time - and I know I'm not the only one.  So - in the best interest of your getting people to RETURN and RECOMMEND your place of business to others?  Get with the 21st century and suck it up - debit / credit cards aren't going anywhere.

My parents owned a Korean restaurant so I know good Korean food! I enjoyed their Kalbi (short ribs) kalbi tang (short rib soup) bulgogi (thin marinated beef) tofu soup with mackerel combo and their seafood pancake. There has been times where the side dishes weren't as good. For instance the cucumber kimchi was soggy and bean sprouts were bland but the main dishes made up for it. They do get busy so the server button that's on every table comes in handy when you need something.

The iceberg salad with what was kindly called "buttermilk ranch", actually just "buttermilk" i'm pretty sure....was sub-optimal.  The rolls and bread were good, and the special I got the night I went was freaking amazing.  Overall, it was a semi-quiet place to sit and have a meal, the servers were very polite and excellent, I was never wanting for a drink, and everything ran very smoothly.

Chocolate cupcake - real good.

Sweet, sweet gluttonous Maizie's. I always emerge from the dimly lit bar riddled with guilt at my lack of self control, but I keep coming back for more! Parking is hectic and the restaurant remains consistently busy, but neither are such an issue that I would feel hesitant to come here.The inside has urban swank and remains unpretentious. The staff is personable but not overbearing. And the food...oh God, the food! The buffalo cheese dip is cheesy, high calorie, ooey gooey deliciousness. Huge chunks of partially melted cheese swim in the dip, making it incredibly filling. The meat pesto pizza is way too good as well...thick cuts of salty meat, dripping cheese, generously spread pesto and perfectly crisp crust.The pizza burger is amazing! What a unique idea. I love the quirky, well balanced menu. There is something to fit most moods and cravings. I need to come in for lunch and brunch to see what the day time experience is like, but I'm sure I won't be disappointed.

This place is in the popular section of Old Montreal.  We had our first Monsieur Croquette - who knew a ham and cheese sandwich could be so tasty.  We also had the smoked salmon which was very satisfying.  The service was good and attentive.  The best part is the location and the view from the patio for people watching.

We love this sushi place! They have the best cucumber salad in town and great happy hour prices and selection. Try the Las Vegas roll-- so good!

Absolutely amazing!!! We were 3 guys. I went with 2 other guys and they are both real foodies. We all said that it might have been top 3 meal of all time. No one had anything slightly bad to say. We ordered like champions. We shared 4 appetizers, 2 mains, and 2 desserts. The Duck Carpaccio was IMPECCABLE! Duck in a can was an experience and it was well worth it. It is really a treat to dine at a restaurant like PDC.

Very impressive.We sat at the bar overlooking the cooks prepare every dish.  It was a great experience being in the thick of it and seeing them work so cohesively - when it came to our food we appreciated it even more!The foie gras poutine was excellent.  My only complaint would have been to have had more chips, but I guess this isn't necessarily a bad thing! We had considered getting a pork dish (given the restaurant name involves a pig) but decided to go for Duck in a can.  Its unique and delicious.Would recommend going here if you are in Montreal, but make a reservation!

Farmer Boys is OK for a change. Nothing spectacular here, just good food, good price.I do find that they slop too much mustard on the burgers.  Not one of the top burger places in Vegas.

I don't know why I was so reluctant to dine at the Nordstrom Cafe at first; time after time, the quality of the food proves to be superior to other local offerings, regardless of the particular Nordstrom location. In this case, we were at the Fashion Show Mall, and I opted for the cranberry sandwich on the advice of the server. My wife got the blackened salmon on a Caesar salad. Both were excellent, and the service as always was friendly and attentive.The only thing I would point out is that the room temperature always seems to lean a bit towards the polar ice caps side of the thermometer. For me, this is a plus, but be warned if you are one of those people who likes a warm room.

There's not much else to say that hasn't already been said. Behold, the £2.00 sub!Serving up a lovely variety of scrummy fillings, All Good lives up to its good name by delivering excellent service, delicious, soft filled rolls and the £2 sub deal that has successfully bowled me over.Even during lunch hour you will experience speedy service from friendly staff, and plenty to choose from off their up-to-date menu. Their website is pretty straightforward to navigate - fun and modern while also giving you some insight into the lunchtime menu. Great if you're nipping in on your lunch hour or have a busy day of shopping ahead of you, All Good is really good at spoiling us!

Everything is bad but the $2 Miller lites

Black Dog has THE best BBQ in the Champaign/Urbana area hands down.  Now all they need is a larger space to serve it in, i love the bar setting, but not one that has outgrown its space because of how good their product is.  Waits are common of up to 30 mins anytime you go.As for the food, lets start with the Wings appetizer, delicious smoked wings and the kick of the Carolina BBQ sauce puts them over the top.  My wife can't stop talking about how good the burnt ends are, and she must not be the only one because the sell out frequently.   Loved the ribs, just wish they had some baby backs to choose from.All in all you will not beat this place for BBQ anywhere within a hundred miles!

Food is tasty and a good value. Don't let the name fool you, not everything on the menu is greasy. Wish they had a little more indoor seating so one could avoid the flies and the heat, but I guess that is part of the restaurant's character.

Awesome pho here.  I usually get the #7 (Rice noodles with fresh chickens.)  Although the shrimp Pho is pretty good too.  Honestly, I have not been disappointed an anything I've had from there.  The Thai iced tea is really good, too.  When you first walk in to the place, you may think twice - it is an old taco bell converted to vietnamese restaurant.  But don't let that stop you - the food is excellent.  I've gotten a lot of people hooked on the place - even people who are picky eaters and won't try anything "non-american."

My wife brought me here for lunch on a Sunday.  The Pastrami was awesome.  I believe this is one a a few different locations for Archies.  I'll be back......and I'll probably have the Pastrami again (that's how I roll).

Time flies when you're having fun...It's been almost a full year since my initial review of Bacon, and I've been back probably ten times or more.I've seen a lot of transition with the employees but I can say that their service has gotten much better since the beginning.  The casual atmosphere is right up my alley for a weekend breakfast, and my yogi omelette / protein pancake orders have stayed consistent too.  I was there earlier today and while the service was spot-on, I did find a piece of ham in my otherwise veggie omelette - but I overlooked it and enjoyed my meal nonetheless...My husband has been to Bacon even more than i have, and he told me he recently sampled what's to come on their new lunch menu (think pastrami sandwich).  So, go for breakfast, go for lunch, go for a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa... just kick back and enjoy your meal!

I love their salad bar here! Even though they serve cold Dolma it is still pretty tasty. I also like their mushrooms here with some artichokes. The price is about $6.00 a pound but it is very filling and healthy. This is a perfect place to eat for someone who is broke but would still like to have a nutritious meal.

This area is severely lacking in sit down restaurant choices, so this was nice to see a sit down place going into the old Nicks 24/7, especially because it seems to have taken them 1200 years to get this place open...I had actually thought they had pulled out it took so long.The menu here is large.  The pizzas are yum.  The pastas are nice.  They have this italian sandwich which is absolutely divine!  I just wish the sandwiches had more side choices.  You get a bland pasta salad at lunch or fried zucchini chips at dinner which are nice when fresh, but if left too long before hitting the table they are cold and floppy.  I have found the salads to be hit and miss.  Their tiramisu is totally delish!  And anyone that knows me knows, that if the tiramisu doesn't impress I am hard pressed to come back.The service here sways between attentive or absent, guess its just the luck of the draw.  The prices are right, and if you sign up for their monthly newsletter you get some pretty nice bargains.

After arriving in Vegas off of an early morning flight, we wanted to find a place to grab some quick lunch and where we could enjoy the beautifully hot and sunny weather.  We headed out from our hotel, Aria, and Cabo Wabo's patio fit the bill.  The second floor patio provided nice views of the Bellagio lake,and the misters under the umbrellas were an added bonus!We started with some guacamole and queso which came with two huge baskets of corn chips.  The guacamole was ok, the cheese was really runny, and the chips were in tiny pieces which make dipping a challenge.For mains, between us we had the Baja fish tacos, the jalapeno chicken, and the southwest cobb salad.  The chicken was a bit overcooked and dry, but the overall flavour was good and spicy.  The fish tacos featured grilled fish which was also a bit try, and they definitely weren't the best I'd ever had.  The salad looked great, and was a huge portion.There definitely wasn't any food that would be worth returning for.  The prices were a bit expensive for what we got, particularly the $15 banana mama drink that was not that tasty.  The waiter was attentive, but was well versed in upselling, however not in a pushy way.I wouldn't return, there are other restaurants in Vegas with equally decent patios that I would try first.

Really good spice level.  Awesome shrimp plates.  Pretty mundane po'boys.  Overly charred bread.  Incredible bread pudding.Cramped indoor seating but still good eats.  Don't go here if you're vegetarian.

Meals were excellent!  Softshell po boy, fried oysters, all wonderful!Desserts were good - the bananas foster were great!Friday night there was music on the patio - it was loud but very pleasant.

I'm very picky when it comes to pizza, but one thing I will say it's their pizza is tasty, I ordered delivery to my hotel room and they were right on time. I had their  original crust pizza they were cut in squares no biggie, the pizza wasn't greasy their a little more expensive than crap like pizza hut but it was all worth it. You get what you pay for.

Met a friend here for lunch and we were both well impressed. Service was good and fast, so fast they also cleared my chai before I was done drinking it!Pasta was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Though you'd expect nothing less from this Italian 'chain'. I've been to La Favourita a few times, but this was my first visit to Vittoria and I wouldn't hesitate to return. Prices are reasonable for center of town and portions weren't too bad, tho it was definitely a 2 course lunch. Think I would have left slightly hungry if I hadn't had dessert.

Okay so I have been to the location in Hawaii and was happy to know that on my visits here in Vegas I can now satisfy my tastebuds again with more of "Thelmas Special"(crunchy luau style pork in thelmas sauce). This place has something for everyone. It combines a great value on their entrees and even better is served up by some of the friendliest staff who really make you feel welcome! Give em' a try!!!

Went to the Auld Hoose with a group of Yelpers in search of nachos.  Well, it wasn't much of a search, we had previously been informed that this place has the biggest nachos ever - seriously see the pictures!!  So I came armed with a hunger to match.  3 of us shared a bowl of these Mega Nachos that are suggested for 3-4.  They came pretty quickly and looked amazing when they did.  Great ratio of toppings to nachos, as so often there is just not enough.  Chilli beef, guacamole, sour cream and cheese throughout.  It took us a good 20 minutes or so to make a serious dent in the mound and start to get to the underneath layers, which were still hot.  After eating about a quarter of the bowl myself, I really should have stopped, but as I hate wasting food and the other 2 had had enough, I just kept shovelling it in....literally.....using the nachos to shovel up the toppings.  Big mistake.  When I finally finished all the toppings, apart from some jalapeños which are a little on the spicy side for my mild palate, there was a only a handful of nachos left.  About 15 minutes later, when I got up to use the bathroom, I realised just how full I was - serious muffin top and struggled to do my pants back up.  Walking home was not at all comfortable, more of a waddle.  Then I seriously needed to lie down and stretch out.  I don't hesitate to say that these are the best nachos I've ever had.  I just wish we had a 4th person to help us eat the monstrosity.As for the pub; it is quite small, but with character.  Laid back staff, heavy rock playing in the background, not your usual pub music.  Would definitely go back for the nachos alone, but I might give it a while!

Great selection.  Lamb vindaloo is excellent.

If I could give 0 stars, I would. I used to visit the Paradise location until it closed due to salmonella. I figured this Westside location would be fine. My coworker and I went last night for dinner. The service was absolutely terrible considering they were about a quarter full, but we dealt with it.Soon after we got home we were both experiencing terrible abdominal pains, followed by throwing up every bite we ate. This went on for a few hours. Double food poisoning? Disgusting.They need to revamp their entire business. Kitchen, staff, service. Firefly is headed down a bad road.

This is my favorite buffet in vegas. I used to frequent the rio and m buffets for years, but ever since i tried this place, i'm never going back. Some of the food is served individually in small pots or dishes which is nice since i have no portion control. ALL of the dishes i tried that had starchy carbs were good. (i.e. the leek bread pudding!!!! this was ridiculous and the risotto) ONLY gripe was that the prime rib was over-cooked by my standards. The dessert bar was murder.... I think i ate like 40 chocolate covered strawberries. I swear they sprinkled a little bit of crack into each one. They had oreo-covered marshmallows, strawberry shortcake, and a bunch of little things of which i had no idea their names or what they consisted of. But most of it was pretty darn good. I can't wait to go back in a couple weeks and GO TO TOWN on their buffet.

This place was recommended by a friend when I moved to Las Vegas.  The food is consistent, and everyone I have brought here LOVES it!

yummy locally roasted coffee. loved the iced coffee growler over the summer. just the basics, but tasty.

very disappointed-went in just minutes before closing time... was just getting a "quick" sub & drink to go. there was 1 other customer in shop. i parked in handicap parking spot right in front. made my order filled my drink. had a seat to wait for my sub (*because of my handicap) "shift mgr. graham" had stepped out to give that other customer something that was accidentally left out of his order.  as graham came back in he says "just so you know,  we're closed" then gave me an awkward look... then walked away... & i know he knew that i was dumbfounded by his comment because he kept awkwardly looking over at me - i hadn't even received my food- how did he know if i was or wasn't planning to eat in shop or leave.  or was that just his way of saying get out...???  well when i did receive my food i had asked for his name so i could call back the next day to speak to management.  graham had the employee that who gave me his name, & he wasn't aware that is good friend text my son to "apologize if he sounded disrespectful" not even 5 minutes after i left the shop... seems to me that graham was rethinking the way he was speaking to customers... ya think???

Fabulous Food!!!!!  Great Location!!!  Fabulous customer service!!!!  The food was great will go again!!!  Have already told at least 10 other people to go try it out!!!  Fun little spot!!!!  Make sure to make reservations as they get very busy!!!  The people working there where so helpful & kind & all had a beautiful smile!!!  Can't wait to go again!!!

Superb service, excellent Deer carpaccio, tasty and rich lamb shank cooked perfectly. Very satisfied diner.

I was going to be generous and give three stars but then I tried the peach cobbler. When I walked up to the podium to place my order I asked if I could sample their BBQ sauce. The man said he would bring out the house BBQ sauce and some type of sweet BBQ sauce. I did not like either sauce and this should have been an inclination of what was to come. I ordered the two meat plate with pulled chicken and pulled pork and for my side I chose the baked beans. 10 minutes later my food was ready. First, I tried the pulled pork and the pulled chicken and both were less then impressive. I used some BBQ sauce that I had at home to spruce up the meat. Next, I tried the baked beans. The beans were good, I liked the chunks of brisket and I think their house BBQ sauce tastes better when it is cooked into something. Lastly, the peach cobbler was inedible. I took one bite and that was it, all I could taste was nutmeg. Still in search of good BBQ in Las Vegas and that includes the sides as well.

Super cheap wing Tuesdays and Thursdays. I had always preferred traditional wings (Tuesday) over boneless wings (Thursday). Personally the boneless wings somehow do not feel like I'm having wings. Despite being easier to eat, I would like my wings experience to be messy, but that is just me =)I have tried a huge variety from the non spicy Sweet BBQ  to the extremely spicy Wild. Some favorites are Parmesan and Garlic, Honey BBQ, Asian Zing and Mango Habanero.The Wing Tuesdays is the only reason for showing up. It's a great way to get cheap food.

I've been wanting to try this place but since the other ramen place had overly salty broth the last two times, I got turned off eating ramen all together. There was a odd day of constant rain and cool temps in this blister which needed to be celebrated with some soup. Made for a perfect excuse to have something warming.I grabbed up a miso ramen and the BF went for spicy ramen and on the recommendation of the server for a "lighter" broth got shoyu base. The miso was savory and buttery (has some oil floaties, but enough to be a deterrent) and not overtly salty. I really like that it comes with a soft boiled soy egg, the thicker rustic roast style cut of chashu was tender and the ramen was rightfully chewy. This is a bit different from the traditional Sapporo toppings I'm used to as it normally has corn, bean sprouts, pork, and garlic. I suppose I could add those toppings next time. I took a taste of the BFs shoyu spicy broth and it was fairly good. Still a bit porky, but much lighter since it isn't creamy like the miso and the spicy crept up to a medium burn. We got a mini chashu bowl to share. It was much smokier than the chashu in the soup so it seems they throw it on the grill before serving and top with a drizzle of sweet soy so it's a different experience. I like this preparation. I wish they offer some vinegar as a side condiment as the little bit of acid would be nice with the sweet. We came within the last hour of being open so I figured that's why service is quick, but hope that it soup comes out that fast regularly. Our server was friendly and didn't make us feel rushed. I definitely prefer this over the other ramen place. Somehow my BF got it in his head he doesn't like ramen so even though I like it, it may be a trek I make again alone.

I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I gave 4 (due to freshness of ingredients). If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a tray of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!

Hands down, the best sisig we've tasted in the US. Service sucked though. Took a really long time for us to be seated (although there were a few empty tables), waitress took an even longer time to come back to get our order and we were already halfway done with our meal when the sisig came out. The table beside us who came in later than us got their sisig way ahead of us so maybe they forgot our order. Good thing the sisig was worth the wait! Will definitely go back for that.

I'll keep it simple. This place sits right under Five Guys and In-N-Out on my list of favorite fast (fresh) food burger joints... It's a great burger, very fresh... but you don't have as many options and the fries don't even compare to Five Guys. I got the mushroom and swiss char... that's basically the extent of their burger options... and I thoroughly enjoyed it! But the whole time I was thinking I wish this burger had bacon and fresh jalapenos on it!!Nice place, but given the choice I'm going across the street...

Normally I don't give 2 star's but I am going to give this over hyped buffet one for the first time being that I'm a buffet lover and have experience in tons of them to compare to.First off this is as I seen one if not the most expensive buffet's in town right now with myself paying $48 to get in even with a player's card.2nd off I have no clue how they got 500 dishes out of the mixture there is no way by far 500 dishes in this buffet there is the same amount of selection from stateion to station as any other typical big buffet in Vegas maybe there trying to hype up the fact you can CUSTOMIZE a dish up to 500 ways but either way I'm not buying it because I was expecting to see once again THE KING OF BUFFET'S here!Let's say the quality was very poor, the rice in some dishes tasted like rice in a bag, the Italian food was very bland nothing interesting or unique especially the meat balls tasted like frozen freezer selection. They didn't even serve steak so I had to settle on pork chops also that were very cheap in quality.. just the list goes on and on of just miss after miss of trying to hit the spot on quality and selection.The only positive thing I can say about this place is that my greeter was very nice and gave me a quick tour of the place and the server was a very nice gentleman which I tipped him accordingly but other then that I'll never return.

Hole in the wall but the food is very good.

Awesome place my husband and I love it. Staff is really friendly and the food is great.

Absolutely love this place!!! So pleased that it arrived in the Surprise area! This location has great employees and service and if they ever do make a mistake (which has happened only once in the 100+ times I've been there) they are very quick to make sure that you are friendly and properly taken care of! Love me some Freddy's!

Had early Friday night pre-theater dinner here. Once we got a waiter's attention the service was very good. Attentive with good suggestions but not intrusive. Casual open air atmosphere, causal but lively ambience, perfect for dinner with friends. My wife & her friend enjoyed a "prickly pear margarita" not too sweet very tasty!  Excellent food overall chips and salsa were fresh. Guac was tasty & paired well with the chips. We had 3 dishes perfect for sharing. Mexican street corn nicely spiced a bit messy but worth it. Nice fresh updated take on classic fare. Will certainly go back!

This place is the best sushi in town and Chu is hella cutie . Ron is great and all the sushi chefs are awesome sauce . I try to come all the time

We were excited to have a taco joint in the area - but unfortunately we will not be regulars here.  The staff is extremely friendly - opening the door as we walked in and a waitress taking our drink orders immediately - but the servers cannot make up for the sub par food.  We had coconut shrimp that was over cooked - followed by my husbands pork tacos that to me looked canned - and he said did not taste much better - not to mention the double corn tortillas could not even stay together.  Move on to my grilled mahi taco that somehow was extreme greasy. I also had a side of plantains that were more like burnt sautéed bananas than plantains - though my husbands fries were good.  So we may be back for a cocktail - but not food.Oh and one last note - the decorations are very beachish - but the music was not - it should have been old beach music - Beach Boys, Steel Drums, Bob Marley etc...

This is a review from a wine lover. Went here for a bday party and this place does not serve wine / liquor, only a few beers. Just writing this as an FYI to anyone expecting a variety of drink choices. Not a beer person....? Go somewhere else.

Oh man, first of all I am soooo happy there is finally a place like this in the east valley. Second, it's amazing! The atmosphere is super cute and welcoming, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food... Holy crap, yum! So far, the tacos duo and the burrito are both incredible. I'll definitely be back to try more since pretty much everything on the menu sounds delicious. Oh and if you like peanut butter & jelly they have an awesome cupcake!

Grilled beef is where it's at! love these sandwiches. I've tried them all

3.5 stars for food. I really enjoyed the shawarma. It was very flavorful.  The dolmades was good too. It has the right acidity on it. The gyro, however, was dry and lacking flavor. The garlic feta fries lacks garlic flavor and it tasted like an old refried fries. If it's not then it was way over cooked. 3 stars for the Price: we paid $26.10 for 2 combo sandwich wrap with one side each. FYI their combo doesn't come with drinks. You would assume for the price it does.

I'm so rarely on the early end of a trendy restaurant that I feel pretty cool having visited The Summit Room just a month after they opened! It looks totally different than when it was Bruegger's - I can't speak to the Mayobird side, but I definitely felt like I was in a casual, trendy restaurant. A girlfriend and I went after work and got there right at 5:00 when they opened. We were only the second people in there, and we grabbed a seat at the bar.The bar itself is awfully pretty... glass bottles as far as the eye can see and silver bar stools lend themselves to a very clean, modern feel without being sterile. There were maybe 12-14 seats at the bar, a few tables along the side, and a high, long table at the front near the front door. There's also a huge, inviting patio, but it was a little sweltering the night we were there. I also love the huge, private parking lot, which is a little rare on East Blvd.Our bartender, Scott, was so fun and gave us honest recommendations on what to get. I think he got a little overwhelmed later in the evening, but I'm guessing they're just getting their footing. We opted to split the BBQ shrimp appetizer and chicken flat bread appetizer. The chicken flat bread came in four pieces, which were delicious if just a smidgen dry, and the BBQ shrimp was pretty tasty, too. It came over a corn pudding, which tasted verrrry corny, so buyer beware. We were also given complimentary cheddar scones before dinner, which tasted like the delicious Red Lobster cheddar bay biscuits, only in light scone form... mmmmm.We each got a signature cocktail; there are 7, and they're named after the tallest summit on each continent. The Mount Vinson was very smooth - cinnamon, ginger beer, vanilla - and The Kilimanjaro was refreshing and sweet for summer - lemonade, cranberry, gin.When we left, we noticed that the patio was packed! This is a great "classy" addition to a casual row of restaurants on East Blvd. Do yourself a favor, and check out The Summit Room.

Nice new chain all u can eat sushi place of sushi Tokyo,service are fast and friendly,food are almost fresh and tasty,especially the raw shrimp sashimi which was sweet and yummy!One downside is the mussel dishes we had last night were not so fresh.The decoration there is cool, I like the fancy chandelier ,maybe that's the reason it's a little pricey for a AYCE sushi place.One more thing,do avoid general Tao kinda of dish ,that was just ridiculous

