This is a good spot to grab a beer after work. While the wings didn't change my life, they were good. Add a reasonable selection of beer and them having the game on and you have a solid neighborhood bar.
I was having a craving for Mexican food.  El Toro is less than 5 minutes from where I live and based on the reviews here it seemed like a solid choice.  I've not yet been to other Mexican restaurants in the area, so I can't say if this is really the best local option.However, based on my experience I would say that it is indeed a solid choice.  No frills, filling food, with LOTS AND LOTS of cheese and beans.  Oh man.  So much cheese.  So many beans.  I got Vegetarian B (...why do all Mexican restaurants follow the same formula for their vegetarian menus?) and it was good.  I really have no complaints about the food, and it was cheap plus we had a coupon, making it even cheaper.  Service was also friendly and fast; as in, we ordered our food, and were eating it less than 10 minutes later.I've had better Mexican food (oh Plaza Azteca...you're sooo far away right now...) but this wasn't bad at all.  The decor leaves something to be desired.  It was a bit weird and kind of looked like the remains of an old person's garage sale.  Nonetheless I enjoyed my meal once the screaming children sitting behind us were gone.Oh yeah...and for some bizarre reason there are bottles on ketchup on each table...no hot sauce or anything...just ketchup...at a Mexican restaurant...am I missing something?
I came here because I wanted some pizza and I was hungry. Settled on a salad and a margarita pizza. The salad was intimidating because it came in a bowl. The next thing that came was the margarita pizza. It arrived a little different that I was expecting. Most pizzas come on the tray it was cooked on sort of. Well at least the size of tray it was made on. You know the standard metal pizza pan. Instead the pizza came on a round rack on top of the pizza tray.Then while trying to grab a piece of pizza I thought it wasn't cut all the way though. It look a while to figure out the pizza wasn't cut traditionally. it was cut every which way. The pizza was good, but it doesn't compare to my favorite pizza place. Some of the pizza didn't have topping on it. it was odd too because there wasn't a lot of cheese on it. There also wasn't a lot of sauce.I liked the crust of the pizza because it was crunchy and not soggy. I think I'd try some other pizza if I did go back. It was good, but I'd try something else. There was gelato there. I ordered two scoops vanilla and then one scoop dark chocolate. The dark chocolate was good. The vanilla was a bit sweet for me.
They lose 1 star for not having any hard cider in stock...supposedly they ran out. I can't drink beer so I was left to drink a very fruity cosmo. Overall, this place isn't anything special. I hear the beer is good though. One thing going for them is that they have a great happy hour. $3 drinks and munchies M-F from 3:30 - 6:30. The atmosphere is nothing special. Bathrooms were clean though and there is plenty of seating.
The cheescake was standard Cheescake factory fare, so it was above average buy below spectacular. The service, however was amazing. Probably better than any other chesscake factory I ahve been too.  courtisy was spilling over by everyone in the place, from the hostess to the server to the busboys. the manager even came over and asked if everything was OK.
Horrible!!! The servers don't have a clue. Sat there for 30 minutes and servers just walked by. Waived your hand, they nod and guess what still no one comes by. Unbelievable how this place functions.
Tony Roma's used to be one of my favorite spots as a teenager. Oh nostalgia...Where has the time gone? Unfortunately, a lot has changed for this restaurant since then, specifically now with their raised prices and smaller portions. Oh and can I mention that they don't offer the 4 different bbq sauces on the tables anymore? Just more of an inconvenience to have to ask the servers for it. I guess they're really trying to save costs, huh?I came here last night and ordered the full slab of baby back ribs with a side of baked potato and rice (It's the only item that I order every time I dine here). Their baby back ribs glazed with their bbq sauce are freakin good and has always been freakin good. The ribs are so tender and juicy. However, I feel like their portions have been gradually decreasing over the years. And I'm confident to say that two full slabs today would make up a full slab back in the day along with cheaper prices. Sadly, due to a lot of their changes, I think they lost a lot of business. However, if I'm really craving baby back ribs which isn't very often these days, I will most likely end up coming back here.
The server/cashier was pleasant but had dirt under his nails.  Was very turned off when he handed me the food.  They keep slices in the back so you cant see them which with slices I like to see to know how fresh they are. The slices weren't great either.
This is our version of Cheers. You know. Where everybody knows our name. This pub is really a versatile place. It changes from family dining to sports bar to kick back pub everyday. And its really conducive to all our different circles of friends. The bartenders and wenches are all SUPER friendly and willing to please. Now that I think about it, I'm really spoiled by this place. While we haven't yet memorized the menu, we've memorized everything that we like on the menu. Touting myself as a french fry connoisseur, I like to think that Steiner's beer-battered fries are among the elite. Bf loves the wings, extra hot. They also have a creme brulee. Its not great, but if ever I have a creme brulee craving at 2 in the am ...
Can you say EXCELLENT! I would rate this better then Ponchos (south Phx) and right on par with Carolinas. Yep you read right. Granted this was my first time here but come on it was great! The place is in a strip mall south of Peoria on the west side, with other types of Mexican shops all around it. It fits right in. I had a green chile burrito, rice and beans. It was $4.95, it came with chips and salsa too. The burrito was plenty big and filled with a great flavored and cooked Green chilie, topped with green sauce and cheese. The cheese was a white type not the cheddar type. YUMMY The beans were one of my favorite parts, they were soooo good. Again topped with the white cheese. The rice was very good and had a great flavor. The chips and salsa we re wonderful, anytime you get free chips is good. They also serve a guacamole type dip with the chips. I do not like regular guac but this was rather tasty. The service was excellent, friendly and attentive. The seating area was larger then expected and was cleaner then CHINO but could still use some decor updating. Not a fancy type place. I will be back but this time I am bringing my family!
One of the best dinners I've had!  I had the pistachio-crusted salmon, while my date had the puerco lento (slow-cooked pork).  Both were delicious!  Since it was my birthday, we also had the chocolate-peanut butter dessert.  Oh my!  The buffalo carpaccio app was also a hit.I'd give it five stars, but the noise level here is ridiculous!  The ambience is a little cool and a bit dark for me, but still a nice  place to spend some time at, yet we couldn't hear each other speak.  I really do not find shouting conversations enjoyable.
The "Big Ass" burger was delicious I would recommend that to anyone. This was my first time and I was very much pleased. Would definitely come back and have dinner here.
Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this tiny casino and brewery right behind where I stayed at Bally's for CES. For the week I stayed in Vegas, I came here twice. This is saying alot since there are so many restaurant options to choose from on the Strip. Here, the prime rib is a must try. I order it rare and mooing. It came out tender and very flavorful. All their entree comes with a soup or salad. I opted for their salad with house Italian dressing. Their Italian dressing is one of the best I've tasted. I wanted to drink it like a shot with what I had left after finishing my salad but decided against it. The second time I came, I had the surf and turf, which was an 8 oz. sirloin with butterfly battered shrimp. Very tasty. Now the service is not the most friendly here and keep in mind there is a strict rule that they do not allow separation of the bill. We wanted to separate our bills but they said NO EXCEPTIONS! If you do want separate bills, I'd suggest to go as party of one and request to be seated next to your friends. This is a loop-hole that I thought might work. Maybe...maybe not. I only had their stout and it held it's own and was pretty good. If you want great food at great prices, don't care too much about the service, this is a place to go for a great dinner without all the extra fluff from Vegas.
I wasn't super impressed with the India Palace buffet. They had a few interesting selections that I don't usually see at Indian buffets (like malai kofta- yum!), and also a few things that just looked downright unappetizing (the haleem looked really, really unappetizing- and my husband confirmed my suspicions when he, braver than I, gave it a try- it was gross). The chutneys were weird and it was hard to track down a server when we needed a drink refill or something. The malai kofta was tasty, though, as well as a chicken dish I sampled and I liked the inclusion of samosas on the buffet... but the gulab jamun tasted like soap and chemicals and overall I just got a weird vibe. We won't be back.
A couple of friends told me about this spot... I read the Yelp reviews and finally came to try it out. The reviews were right about the Seafood Salad! It's delish! Lots of fresh sashimi and I opted for the spicy sauce. It was MMMM Good! I tried the salmon, tuna, yellow tail, sweet shrimp and scallop sushi. All of it was GREAT except for the Scallop sushi - it was SUPER fishy and not good at all. Def don't recommend THAT. Everything else was great though. Also tried a rainbow roll, spicy tuna and the Happy Ending roll. There are MANY servers floating around always asking you if you want to order anything else so service is pretty much on point there as well. As I was reading the reviews a lot of them said the tables were all TOO close together, but apparently they have expanded the restaurant. There are two sushi bars, some awkwardly placed tables as well, but for the most part it was all good!
My favorite pizza in Las Vegas. My wife and I order from here every time we have a craving for pizza. Their sauce is delicious, and they don't drown the pizza in it. They give a good array of toppings and don't skimp on them like the big chains. We're very happy to have found this place on Yelp!
I have heard such great things, but the actual event was so lack luster. It look an hour to get our order, I won't even mention how long it took for the waitress to take our order. The place wasn't even half full so I would hate to see if when they are busy. When the food came out, half the orders were wrong. The portions were odd and very light on any meat. The salas were both too spicy to be eaten with the chips which I think were three days old.NEVER AGAIN
I decided to write a review for this place but the only problem was that I have not eaten here in years. So I decided to order take out last night. I ordered the drunken noodles with duck. Pros: it was as delicious as ever. The noodles tasted great. They give you the sauce to put over separately, so be careful not to drench it. The duck was great as well. The duck was fried and deboned for easy eating. Cons: they didn't give me a pair of chopsticks.This is the benchmark for all thai food.
My daughter and I found this place shortly after moving to Charlotte almost 3 years ago and it has been our go-to spot ever since.  We've been coming pretty much once a week and never grow tired of it.  For the price, the sushi is great.  We can pig out here for $30 and when we order an equivalent meal at a different sushi place end up spending $60.  The Firecracker Roll is my favorite, but I also like to sample around the menu and try to get something new every time I go.  I also love the crab cake and grilled teriyaki ball.  Their miso soup has such good flavor and they use noodles rather than tofu.  This is my daughter's favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  When I asked her how many stars to give, she said 5 stars because the food is so good.  When a 9-year-old says a place is a 5-star place then you know it's good, right?
Mlife black cardholder + free points = No waiting in line, lots of people throwing shade at you.  Hah!Foodies rejoice, this buffet has it all.  From seafood to red meat and fancy little bites in between, how can you not love this place?  Probably one of the nicer buffets on The Strip, if not the nicest!  Service is pretty speedy since I'm sure they want you in and out of there ASAP.  Come for the crab legs, the lobster, the lamb, the prime rib, and don't forget dessert!  Bottomless mimosas on Saturday and $20 for a bottle of wine ain't too shabby.  Would I pay to come and eat here?  Maybe.  Bellagio is an extravagant place and they charge you for it for sure.  Will I enjoy it when it's free?  Of course!
So it's about 6 in the morning and we are leaving Tao Nightclub. LONG night. Starving. We walk all the way from the Venetian to Palazzo to eat at Grand Lux and find out that we have to go all the way back to Venetian since Palazzo's location was closed and the Venetian location is the one that is open late. I ordered the Kobe Beef hot dog, and it was a great portion for an appetizer, though was a little too big. I almost would have prefered tapas sized portions for this one since it could hardly fit in my mouth, and it came with three hot dogs!One of my friends however, ordered mac and cheese, and it was SO GOOD! SOOO GOOD! I definitely ordered it again when we ate for a second time at the Grand Lux Palazzo right before we left Vegas. At 6 in the morning, this place was PACKED! It might have even been 5AM, but they had a list, and a wait to eat here. Crazy! I was really disappointed about the Kobe hot dogs so I had to knock off a star for that reason, and I really preferred the Palazzo location in general.
The margaritas were awful!! Tasted like all sugar and no alcohol. They charged $11 for essentially a non alcoholic margarita. They had like 4 dinner items on their menu so don't come here trying to eat dinner. Server was rude when we asked if they could add more alcohol since it was to sugary to even drink. They get 1 star because there was live music.
Excited about the reviews that this place had gotten, my friends and I decided to try this out as our "fancy restaurant" in Vegas.  The ambiance was very nice, and I think the ingredients they used were definitely high quality.  But somehow, just didn't quite roll off my tongue like I would've liked.I started off with the Arancine (beef risotto cake), and while the beef combined with the sauce were delicious, I was not a fan of the fried risotto.  The risotto lost the richness of its flavor, while the fried-ness was just not quite as delicious as say, on a fried chicken or fried okra.  The tomato-based sauce was splendid, however.  For my entree I got the short rib raviolini. Now, I must caveat that I was disappointed with this entree because there were mushrooms (truffles I believe) in my raviolini, and I do not like mushrooms.  However, the menu didn't SAY that there would be mushrooms, and I believe that the flavor was strong enough that it should've been warned of.  With that sad, I also tried the gnocchi, the linguine, and the rigatoni.  The rigatoni was the best out of the bite that I had... overall the entrees were pretty good, but the mushroom flavored overwhelmed my taste buds a bit and I wasn't able to enjoy the rest quite as much.While this place was reasonably good, I would definitely recommend Circo at the Bellagio over this.  Prices there were comparable from what I remember (went a few months ago), but the pastas were far more delectable.
Went to watch game 3 of world series on sat afternoon. Had to complain to manager just to get game on 1 tv, they had espn college football news on 7 screens , got game on 3 bad viewing screens from bar area. Other 7 ppl watching world series left during 4th inn to go elsewhere to watch.  Service was good but this is world series.
Not worth the $50. Sure is unlimited lobster, but the lobster doesn't even taste good. The meat was tough, and tasteless.  I actually had to throw one away because it smelled terrible, and old. The two star is for the desserts,  their tiramisu and gelato are  very good!
We enjoyed the Pan Roast and the Gumbo. Both were enjoyable a reasonably priced for the offering.  The service was timely and attentive.
Everything I ate here for champagne brunch was excellent, seriously. Usually I leave a lot on my plate at these buffets, but not here. Crab legs were big and I became addicted with that drawn butter. Shrimp were peeled and CLEAN and juicy. Prime rib wasn't dry or chewy, just super yummy. All the food is high quality and there is so much to choose from. We had a few vegetarians and one vegan and all were very satisfied, so that says something. I picked this out for a group of 21(!!!) girl friends and we were SO happy; they couldn't stop praising me! Also a huge plus, they sat us all together! Spice Market @ Planet Hollywood split us up between 3 far away tables. Boo.Go here if you're looking for a mid-range brunch buffet. The end.
This spot is Eithopi-ILLIN'! I've been here a bunch of times and always come away smiling, belly bursting with spongy Injera that expands in your stomach. LV is a strange place...when I walked in here the first time I expected the usual suspects of mangy trustafarians and tatted hipsters but was surprised to find myself dining amongst Ethiopians munching on piles of raw beef. But aside from scratching that stuffwhitepeoplelike.com itch to eat an ethnic meal without any other whities in site, the food is stand-up: excellent Doro Wat, Tibs, all the usual stuff. Funny though one of the "vegetarian" items has ground beef in it. My only complaint is they don't have Ethiopian beer, or Hej -- Ethiopian honey wine, a sweet alcoholic delight which appeals to the sorority girl in me (Deltas for life!). But they treat ya nice enough to make you forget about any of that. Plus they redid the bar recently so now you have this absurd Saturday-Night-Fever-looking panel mixed in with the dining-hall decor, creating a schizophrenic ambience that somehow makes the food tastier. Maybe I'm too forgiving -- I just feel like I'm eating a REAL meal cooked by REAL people here. And it makes me happy and sated. What else can you ask for?
The Vig has a great happy hour! I've come at non happy hour times, and it is pretty good... however, the prices are somewhat high for the quality. Their drinks are also tasty.The service here is pretty good. I have had a rude server a time or two, but I've also had very sweet servers too.And their drink specials on Sunday morning are nice!
The place is an absolute trainwreck. And here's why: The night started with a 35 minute wait in line, while tight shirted MMA wannabes paid the "VIP" doorman to let them and their 30 closest friends in before us. We were in line so long that people in front of us bailed and it seemed like every person leaving was yelling to those of us in line about how horrid the scene was inside.But we decided to stay because we had always enjoyed the one in north Scottsdale. Bad idea. Once we finally got up to the doorman, he gave us the "whatever" distant stare and held his hand up in a "I'm holding an ID" move. No hello, or welcome to sandbar. Then they charged us $5, which would be fine if the girl collecting the cash wasn't also cold and unattentive. But whatever, we're in let's have some fun! Wrong. The bar was busy but not packed, making us pretty angry that we were in line so long. But still we couldn't get a drink. We flagged down 3 different bartenders (who all had the exact same huge upper bodies, tiny legs and spiky hair) until the ONE person there doing their job approached us. It was a small female bartender who was sweating and sprinting around the bar while her male counterparts sat around discussing the merits of the Jersey Shore and spray on tans. We had a drink and walked around. The ambience is dull and unimpressive, the bouncers were all busy talking to girls, the interior has super low celings and tiny booths, the outside looks like you're at a bar in Rocky Point that was half built but opened anyways. The crowd was pretty awful too. Lots of bumping with no "excuse me", tons of way too drunk people and very, very poor on the guy to girl ratio. After a failed attempt to get another drink, we left the bar, confident that not only will we not return to this poorly designed, awfully mismanaged bar, but we will avoid the other sandbars at all times as well. Sorry to be a downer, I was anticipating a really fun night at a new place, and it ended up just being a complete waste of our time.
Don't let the hole-in-the-wall restaurant keep you away! I LOVE this place. The japanese lasagna roll is amazing. A must try! Great prices too.
This is one of my fav spots in South Side. Drinks are reasonably priced, service is great, and even though I don't usually like bar food, their food is really tasty!! I love watching the Pens games there because of the big screen!! I went once for a Trivia night and it was packed and so much fun!
The best pizza I have ever had. And I have worked at 2 pizza places. I recommend the thin crust basil pizza. It's good enough to not need more toppings than that! Also, the service is personal and they have a half-price wine happy hour. And we got a birthday cannoli!
Very good beef panang curry.  It has a complex flavor and the price is right.  Other dishes are tasty too.  Don't let the outside appearance scare you; Inside is simple and clean.  Service is laid-back, so be prepared to stay a little bit longer than you might at some sit-down places, but they'll work with you if you let them know you can't stay long.
Any place where I can drink beer, watch the game and play trivia all while breathing in the goodness of smoke-free oxygen deserves at least 4 stars. Forget about everything else, this place has a strict no smoking policy and that makes me a very happy person. I stopped in here Tuesday night around 7ish and b-dubs was packed. The happy hour crowd was just starting to filter out so I was able to get a seat at the bar. The stools at the bar are so much better if you can snag one. The stools around the tables don't have backs and they suck. If you're going to be here for any amount of time get a barstool that you can at least lean back in. Tuesday is 45 cent wing day so I ordered lots of  chicken wings in different sauces. My favorites are mango habanero which is my "go-to" and jammin jalapeno which I had never tasted before but loved. The wings here are very small so I usually order a few more than I normally would at other wing joints. The service is pretty average, about what you would expect from any popular chain. I like the smokeless atmosphere and lots of little wings in different sauces, so for that, I'll go back.
I'm getting hot n juicy reminiscing about the shrimp in butter garlic sauce. When you're tempted, just remember that it's not socially acceptable to feast on shrimp on the full flight home.
Some of the best burgers you can find around. Hands down.I found this place out a year ago and go back when I can. Business seems to be picking up cause I now find it pretty busy during afternoons and evenings. This establishment totally deserves it too.I recommend the Kahuna burger or Rumbi burger. Both are amazing, and come with the secret "Rumbi" sauce.
Today was my first experience dining here.  The family and I met to celebrate two birthdays together while enjoying a family dinner.  I can't think of one negative thing about our complete dining experience from the Food to the service.  Our server Mark was hands down one of the best servers I have ever had wait my table.  He was very outgoing and knowledgeable, and just took care of our table from start to finish.  The food was excellent and cooked perfectly!  This will be my go to barbecue joint from this point on in the east valley area!!
5 stars for our bartender Cooper and our food! This is my second time here and I can't wait to come back. We sat at the bar and we got the blood orange Cosmo which was delicious and strong. And then we had calamari which was so lightly breaded and tender with spicy marinara sauce. It was delicious especially their complimentary dinner roll that came with some type of garlic butter and home made butter. Cooper was amazing, attentive, funny, and easy going. In fact all the staff was the same. The food was only $20 and our Cosmo came out to $14 and all so worth it! The place is so nice and calm. This is my type of place.
Count me as one more reviewer that thinks this place is both tasty and overpriced.#13 Italian ftw
WOW! This burger restaurant is amazing.  I had the 7 oz burger, fries, and a creamsicle milkshake. The burger was juicy and tasty, the bun was soft, and overall it was just delicious.  The milkshake was simply amazing. It tasted like i was eating a creamsicle, but better. The service was fast and friendly.  The atmosphere was nice, but casual, not formal. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a good burger restaurant.
So I love Thai food!  Take this with the grain of salt considering I only order Pad Thai and curries.  Yea, yea...I should branch out...but it's so difficult when you like something so much.So how does the Viet Thai Noodle House stack up?  I had the Pork Pad Thai and was very pleased.  It was definitely different from the Pad Thai I've been accustomed to...but I usually get beef...so maybe the pork threw  me off.  Anyhow, a friend and I both ordered the same dish with a hot rating of 3.  I couldn't have loved it more...perfect amount of heat for me.  I do however...really enjoy heat...so a 3 may not be a great idea for someone new to Thai food.  Next time I'll try a 4...but it scares me a bit.The inside of the VTNH was exactly what I expected...well...except for the fish tanks.  The decor and atmosphere are casual and simple.  It's not a five-star experience...but I haven't had better Thai food in years.  I will definitely be going back...in fact...I'm wondering if lunch and dinner at the same restaurant on the same day would be crossing the line.Try:  The Pad Thai  (The Pho looked good...but I didn't try it)Avoid:  Finding this place on your own...ask a friend or call the restaurant for directions.
So we had a layover in Charlotte,NC on our way to Jamaica. About two hours just enough time to get to the next terminal, Because this place is packed. In the sea of people rushing to their next flight, I see a Familiar red and white bag in a gentleman's hand. The first thing that came to my mind was Bojangles. And while the Colonel ran "Bo" out of Kentucky, I still hold a special place in my belly for Mr Bojangles. What you find here is what you expect, fast, hot and fresh. Almost forget to mention good. Service is quick, not sure if the person was friendly, because i couldn't understand what she said. I think she said, may I make you over, so I just Gave her my order and my food somehow found it's way into my hand. Love that red and yellow sign
Don't be scared off by the line that snakes out the door, down the stairs and around the corner - this means the food is amazing (and it's worth the wait). If the wait is not your thing (you'll wait a bit even if you have a reservation), order takeout, and you'll be in and out in just a few minutes flat. Order the chana samosa, baighan bharta, and the shahi paneer (these are all my favourites). It's hard to go wrong, though, so peruse the menu until you find something that strikes your fancy. Go at lunch to take advantage of the $5 vegetarian thali. Pair it with a mango lassi and you've got a stellar meal. This is a hole in the wall spot so don't expect linen tablecloths and a fine dining experience. What you'll get instead is great food, a friendly server and some stellar people-watching moments. BYOW.
Horrible customer service,  I love the pizza but won't go back due to their terrible customer service.
The service was very slow despite the long line and the food did not taste fresh at all.  I was lacking options but I should have just gone to the smoothies place.
My absolute favorite place to eat when on the West Coast. There is NOTHING better than a Double Double with Cheese, Animal Style! I'm not big into the fries, and your order WILL take a while to be made, but it is totally worth it. I introduced my boyfriend to this while we were in LA and he's in love. Counting the days until I return to the US for that delicious burger!
Went here with a party of 9 on a Saturday night.Environment:  Sinatra has a very nice environment.  Classy photos of Frank hung up, big windows with a clear view into an atrium with lights.  Has an old school classic feel.Food:  I had a Paloma to drink, which was delish.  The clam appetizer, was decent but didn't taste fresh.  I had the halibut for dinner, so, so dry.  My side by side dinner companions both tasted my dish and confirmed, it was the worst fish they have ever had.  It tasted like cardboard.  I'm not sure if this is the theme for the hotel, because the night before we ate at Andreas and it was also dry.  Horrible horrible food.Service:  Service was tolerable but not the best.  I did give one additional star for providing separate checks.  Sinatra also added on tip, when Andrea's didn't.  Inconsistent policies.  Would not go back, nor recommend.
We saw this place on Restaurant Stakeout, so when a Groupon came up we bought one. Overall for the price I think we would go somewhere on the strip instead. It was odd to me that they had everyone crammed in one section of the restaurant instead of opening the other side. The salads we had were fresh and good nd I also liked that we could get a half order of any salad. I had the crab cakes for an appetizer. They were okay, pretty salty though. We both had the rib eye Oscar style. It was okay, not the best steak and I didn't realize their Oscar style wasn't with lump crab meat but instead another crab cake...so I was way over the crab cakes by then!Overall it was good but again for the price (without a groupon) I know there are much better restaurants in this town.
Yummy-great variety on menue
Love love love this place! I never have a bad meal and the service is excellent. This location is located in the Boca Park shopping center. For customers they offer free valet parking. If you don't feel like valet, they have a private lot for parking or there is a parking garage.I love to start with the "Avocado Eggrolls" and if you have never tried them you must! They were priced at $10.50 and can easily be shared.  My favorite thing to order for my meal is the "Carlton Salad". It is huge but I manage to polish off every last bite because the awesome flavor keeps my fork going back for more. The salad was priced at $13.95 which is fair for the size and amount of fresh fruits & veggies in it.The only problem is I never have room for one of their many choices of fabulous cheesecake for dessert so I pick one to-go. This last visit it was a hard choice but they are all so good I new I couldn't go wrong with the "Reese's Peanut Butter Cheesecake".  If you don't feel like eating inside or outside on the patio, you can phone in your order for pick up. They say to wait in your car and they will bring out your order but if I phone in a order I usually just go inside and pick it up because they are always so doggone busy.  I noticed on the menu they offer catering.
Went for cheesecake. It was busy and loud, but decent service and the cheesecake didn't disappoint.
Chicken enchilada omelet.  The best omelet I've had in a long time.  Love the cherry coffee cake.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place! I'm a Texan so I'm always skeptical when my Vegas relatives suggest Mexican food. :) The portions were big and delicious! Also the cheese dip and salsa were amazing!
My third visit was as equally pleasing as the first and second! This evening I enjoyed the chef's special of escolar encrusted with pignolias and thyme served over polenta with haricot vert in a balsamic reduction. Everything was perfectly prepared. The fish was warm, flavorful and tender, excellently seasoned without being overpowered by herbs. The polenta was soft and creamy while not to rich and the green beans crisp and bright. I paired this dish with one of the numerous excellent beers that they had on special that night. This was the first time that I ate at the bar and the bar staff is as friendly and attentive as the waitstaff. I have also sampled the buckwheat savory crepes. While the ingredients are excellent and savory, I think that the crepes could use less mixing a bit more time in the pan. The batter seems overworked and under cooked, but this could have just been the batch that I received. Friends on subsequent visits have had better preps for sure. The whole roasted chicken (of which you get half) is delicious served in a mirepoix reduction with corn succotash. I would like to see this pared with other vegetables as an option. Additionally the french bread pizzas are very tasty and the portions are enormous! The menu is not huge but it certainly is diverse and reasonably priced and there is something for everyone, from the Vegan to the Beef eating carnivore. The only two complaints I have about this restaurant are the climate and the noise. The space is small and fun but it can get very warm in the hotter months. Dress casual and cool for this place if you go when it is crowded. Heat is a consistent problem here. The noise could be a problem if you are looking for a quiet intimate place for a date. This is a great local for a group of friends or a fun second/third date no doubt.(ForkOver is a Foodie transplant from Brooklyn NY searching out and writing about what's to eat in Charlotte, NC)
I have been wanting to get over to GFOM for quite a while to check it out.  So finally, I was in the neighborhood around  6 pm and decided to stop in for a beverage and an appetizer.  I perused the menu and decided to try the Green Curry Mussels. I absolutely loved the green curry broth and the mussels that were perfectly cooked. This was served with a side of toast, which was quickly gone as I used it to sop up that delicious curry. Thankfully, one of the servers noticed that my bread was gone and brought me some more so that I could enjoy more of the yummy curry broth after all my mussels were gone. I love the décor of the place and on a quiet night, this would be a great date place.  However, since I was by myself on this visit, I chose to sit at the bar. On the night of my visit Jonathan the bartender was very attentive and made sure I had everything I needed to enjoy my visit.  I didn't try any of the cocktails this time, but I definitely saw some delicious looking concoctions on the menu.  If you have not yet been over to GFOM, you should stop in sometime to give them a try. If you want to avoid the crowds that were mentioned by the other reviewers, do like I did and head over there early.
Best Pizza in town
The following is a precautionary tale.As I was eating, I started to think about what I would write as a review. And it was going to be pretty good, you know... for the money that is. It's cheap for an all you can eat setting. Everything was going well until I went to the bathroom. And I found myself face to face with the two dirtiest crustiest urinals I have ever witnessed in a restaurant. Let's get something straight right off the bat, they don't clean here. If they're not cleaning the bathroom (something we can see) what makes you think they're cleaning the kitchen?A fellow Yelper mentions that the Kanda on Bishop has failed multiple food safety inspections.I even took a picture, and I considered posting it. But this isn't the place, you'll have to take my word for it.
A bowl of noodles as filling and satisfying as a Thanksgiving dinner!After spending 12 years living in Southeast Asia there is one simple meal that I miss most, a simple bowl of noodles.Pho Saigon 8 will be my local bowl for authentic Asian noodle soup. Their noodle soups are spot on.I had the Pho Tai Chin, rare and well cooked beef noodle soup. There are two size options, small or large for .50 cents more. The large double the size of the small and is helmet sized steaming bowl of satisfying noodle goodness. Before the soup arrives the server delivers the vegetable condiments that you can use to customize your bowl, don't be shy, add them all, the flavors and freshness they add lifts the noodles to a heavenly level. Also, don't forget to spice things up with a healthy squirt of Sriracha and a salty dose of hoisin sauce. There is also a wickedly delightful bowl of chili garlic sauce that adds a solid hit of heat, garlic and a touch of sour.The rare thin sliced beef sirloin rests on top of the perfectly cooked rice noodles. Once you stir the beef into the bowl, the rare beef becomes medium well in the steaming hot broth, tender, fresh - scrumptious.The depth of flavors is uber stimulating to the palate and the sheer volume of food is tummy satisfying. You may need a nap if you finish the whole bowl!My wife enjoyed the Hu tieu hay Mi Dac Biet (pork soup with seafood with egg noodles). She agreed, a fantastic, tasty, satisfying bowl of noodles. The egg noodles are thin and curly. She commented that the squid was fresh and cooked perfectly.For an authentic taste of Southeast Asia, Pho Saigon 8 can't be beat.Their menu is extensive and includes many other non-noodle dishes that we will certainly be returning to try. We just couldn't handle anything else on top of our hot tub sized bowl of noodles!Aloha!
The only reason that I didn't give five stars is because I order take out more often than I stay and sit, so I can't speak to the service. Their pad see ew is the best that in the Burgh and their yellow curry is delicious as well. The last time I ordered the pad Thai, it was bland, but it's been delicious before so I could've caught the kitchen on an off night. The beef noodle soup is also tasty. I'm a huge fan of pho and Thai and the broth in this dish is delicious, warm, and spicy even by itself.
Typical burger bar.  Pick your burger and pick your toppings (4 are included, more than 4 is additional $).  3 choices of fries.  There are a few other offerings on the menu like pizzas.  Service was good.  There's a bar area and a dining area.  They only serve beer and wine.  Food is good.  Overall, a little bit pricey for what you get.  I had a Groupon.
While in Vegas I visited Lola's A Louisiana Kitchen on Charleston near "Downtown LV"and tried the Seafood Gumbo and I must say I had a orgasm in my mouth lol !!! The Gumbo was authentic Louisiana gumbo I give that place a rating of 10+++ me and the hubby killed that little cup of Gumbo. When in Vegas visiting check Lola's out you won't be disappointed :-)
I've had Indian in London, in Germany, in California and this is hands down still my favorite Indian spot. The buffet is crowded for a reason; it is an excellent value. The buffet is around $7.Not only is the food great, the service is impeccable. I can't remember a time that I ever had an empty glass of water or an empty plate ready to be taken from the table for more than a minute. Food levels in the pans are also closely monitored by staff so they are never out of anything.It gets slammed at lunch so I usually come when they first open.When are we getting an Uptown location???
This place is great, unless you're in a rush. The food is delicious, fresh, organic, and local. It's all vegan and vegetarian fare with lots of gluten-free options. On top of this, everything tastes great.The biggest drawback is how painfully slow the service is. Getting seated and placing orders takes no time at all, but be prepared to wait a good while for your food to get to you.
Another good meal at Mitchell's Not many options for seafood in south hills
I'm so glad I found this spot. Usually when I stay in the area I have to resort to Starbucks. Sambalatte has good coffee, tasty food and a great staff.
Was excited to go back... Not sure if ownership changed w name... But tried camelback location and original since 1st review... Just NOT the same.  Sad was so amazing... Disappointing when not consistent
Great burgers.  Good meat.  Good buns.  Good appetizers.  Good onion rings.Terrible complimentary popcorn.Similar to Hoppdoddy's in Austin, Tx but not quite as good and I don't know that ingredients are local or organic.
Nice atmosphere, service was lacking . I had the 8 layer salad.. Tasty and the red sangria smooth and the myan milkshake was their saving grace.
It's a burger better then mcdonalds and Burger King. Like that they do the "fat frys" also known as steak fries! Don't see them in to many places. They will do extras on your burger that you don't see to much either like egg. All in all not the best not the worst. Something to throw in the belly while wasting your life savings!!!!
Best pot roast I've tried!
Their custom built burgers are the best!!  ... You wont find burgers like this at In-n-Out or those other boring chain burger places ... They offer a variety of selections, their chicken sandwich is amazing, even their salads look delicious, (and they have homeade ranch dressing, not that plactic tasting crap in a bottle ranch dressing) also they're veggie burger sandwiches are really good too. ... Give them a try, you wont be disappointed.
A very reasonable Thai place in the heart of Shadyside.  It pains me every time we walk by this place, because it looks so empty compared to Mad Mex.  But really, people, you should give Kanok a chance!  The pad thai was one of the best we've had in the Burgh so far, and the curries are done well.  Add to that sophisticated decor and gracious service (and not having to wait hours to get a table plus having to scream over the table at your eating companions) - what's not to like?My only reservation about the place is their pricing - it seems somewhat out of line with other Thai places in the area.  It's a little on the high side, but still worth it.
Great! My boyfriend and I walked in and it seemed crowded. That wasn't the case once we ordered and found a seat. The menu was a bit overwhelming for the first time being there. I decided on the farmers market bene and I don't regret that decision. Coffee was excellent and was self serve. The only thing I found to be weird was that there were no napkins/silverware on the counters. When the servers bring the food is when they napkins and silverware are given out. Besides that, everything went swimmingly.
The hot dogs are AMAZING!!! My favorite is the beef bulgogi dog and the carne asada fries. Everything I've tried here is great!
Even thinking about this place gives me a stomach ache.Where to begin, The atmosphere was fine, I liked the cheesy music on the outdated televisions, but thats about it . At first their whole hospital themed gimmick was cute then just got hugely annoying. The waitress was completely unattentive and even rude. There is NO WATER, which you will be begging for after a bite of their sodium packed but tasteless food. After a bite of their soggy flavorless food and too thick and rich chocolate shake I was ready to leave. I am a HUGE fan of anything that tacky and greasy food. But all their butter filled ingredients were all gratitious and adds nothing to the flavor of  the food. I have a stomach of steel and this place left me with an upset stomach. AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The food is ok the prices are a bit on the high side and they could definitely use some help on keeping the place clean tables were dirty garbage on the floor
Great atmosphere and great food.  Not sure what impressed me more  - the delicious food or the warm and friendly service.  Found Barrio Queen while walking around aimlessly  (I'm from out of town ) and was extremely pleased.  Tge fush tacos were hot, spicy,  and tasty.  Accompanied by a Dos Sequis Amber,  I had a perfect combination.  I'll definitely be back.
Tried their shio ramen along with a side order of curry rice.  After sitting down, order was taken quickly, and my hot tea was topped off three times before my meal arrived.  From there, things started going downhill a bit.  I had to move myself to a different spot on the table because it was so dark, I couldn't see what was in my bowl.  The first sip of a bowl of ramen did not trigger all those wonderful memories of good ramen experiences.  For a shio ramen, the broth was definitely lighter in texture, not unlike cup noodle soup.  I know they say it's stock from over 24 hours of boiling black pork bones.  But the taste is definitely infused with too concentrated tastes of a variety of vegies.  And the after taste hung around too long on the palates, not like the deep seated after taste from savory fats, but from something more like MSG, or concentrated condiments.  If shio ramen is oil painting, I believe they served water colors.  My tongue was confused, and thirsty from the soup, and now that I needed tea, it stopped coming.The high notes of vegies did not stop there.  The curry curiously had a strong carrot and tomato paste taste, unlike any Japanese curry.  At the end, I had to ask the waitress, is the chef Japanese?Like all foods made with instant condiments, or chemicals, it actually "tastes" pretty good.  I do not have any evidence that their food didn't go through long hours of preparation so if I have offended anyone, particularly owner or chef, I do apologize.  But I do challenge that in the tradition of a good ol' bowl of ramen, the convenience of offering customers, hey if you think it's too light we have stuff to make it heavier, or if too heavy, we have stuff to thin it down, etc perhaps is too wishy washy.  Take a stance on Ramen Sora's take of what a shio ramen should taste like and present us with That.
Lately, I've been telling people that Fukumimi is the best ramen around and beats Monta hands down. This was before I finally tried Ramen Sora.Earlier today, my friend said he was tired of eating at home and suggested that we eat out for lunch. After some deliberations, we went here. We arrived shortly before the 11:30 opening time and waited a bit before walking in. We were the second table seated for the day, which felt even better when I later saw people loitering in the waiting area before it had even hit noon. Having browsed through some Yelp reviews (love you guys), I chose the Deluxe Sora Ramen ($10) with miso broth, while my friend had the standard Miso Ramen ($7.50).A few minutes later, heaven arrived. I don't know how else to describe the excellent, salty and umami broth, the al dente noodles (best I've personally experienced), the generous portion of meat (you guys what you're paying for in this one), the chewy-but-not-too-chewy bamboo shoots, the green onions, and the seaweed squares. I did find the yolk of the soft-boiled egg to be a bit runny compared to what I'm used to. Just based off the components that appear to be present in the normal miso ramen, I would have been happy. I was smiling inside the whole time.Unfortunately, my friend did not find his ramen as much to his liking. I could kinda tell by how much broth he left behind. His main complaint is that it's too salty, and I agree that the salt is a very strong component. However, I happen to be pretty salt-tolerant (at least compared to someone like my mom), so this is not a negative for me at all. If it is an issue for you, then steer clear (or ask about clear broth on the side, I saw in another review).I was just so impressed today that I've decided that Sora is now #1. Fukumimi is still a very close second for me, with emphasis on the close: if I'm leaving from home, then I want to pick Fukumimi for a shorter drive. If I'm around Spring Mountain and need a place, it's gotta be Ramen Sora. And I'm still smiling.
Best burger I've ever had.  How can you go wrong? Beef burger with pork belly, cooked to perfection with gruyere cheese, caramelized onion and baconaise all nestled between a butter bun.  Soooo good!  My friend had the Drunk chicken crust sandwhich that was equally as delicious.  Can't wait to go back for dinner with my hubby!
This place was just plain strange. Started by walking into a completely dead first floor with about 4 hostesses just staring at me. I walked upstairs to meet a friend at the bar and I swear it felt like it had the feel of an empty Applebee's. The music was also just pure insanity. If someone told me to come up with a mix of the crappiest songs from the fifties and the late eighties; I wouldn't have come close to the poor selection they offered. After about twenty minutes of joking about it; they changed it to something bearable. Even though the beer selection was worse than the Citgo down the street; the service was actually decent. Gotta hand it to them- they were making the best out of a pretty bad situation. Not sure how this one gets turned around but someone let me know if that miracle happens and I'll give it another shot.
I love this place, I told my friend I had an urge for Curry and she suggested this place.  This was her go to place and I can see why.  Its only sad because Seattle doesn't have an establishment like this.  Anyways, during my trip, I came here twice and was blown away by the curry.  The heat rating system was new to me since it went it to 10.  I had 7 twice and might actually bump up to 10 next time!  Both times, I got vegetable curry with some sort of protein.  My favorite would have to be the beef since I like stewed meats.  This with the sides of almond slivers, pickles veg.  I feel refuel and  ready to tackle the Sin City again.
One of the best coffee shops in Phoenix, but when the pricks behind the counter tell you they won't make you a doppio over ice, I want to punch them straight in the baby maker. When I'm paying don't tell me what I can and cannot have, I'm boycotting until they get over themselves.
My husband and I went to dinner at Tom Yum this evening because I had a craving for Thai food and remembered this place had opened recently, so we decided to try it.  When we got in there the 'hostess' told us that we could sit where we wanted (from across the room), but this didn't bother me as she was on her way to put an order in to the kitchen.Our server was very friendly and informed me as I received my soda that earlier in the week the regular and diet syrups were mixed up so if it tasted off to let her know... She comped the soda for me.  We were having a hard time picking what we wanted to try, so we ordered the Chicken Satay as an appetizer before we placed our entree order. The appetizer came out right as we were ordering our entrees (very quick).  I ordered the Broccoli Noodles with Beef, medium heat and my husband ordered the Pad Thai Noodles with Mixed Meat, medium heat.  It took longer than I had expected to get the food since we were one of three tables, but we were there fairly late and it seemed there there were only one or two people in the kitchen. When we received our food we were blown away at how great it tasted!!  Both the appetizer and our entrees were phenomenal.  Perfect amount of spiciness, temperature of food, consistency of noodles, texture and taste of meat, etc.  Everything was perfect.  Our server was very attentive throughout the entire meal.  All in all, Tom Yum surpassed my expectations and we will definitely be returning soon, and often, to enjoy delicious Thai food.
Two days in a row!! Two!! Good service, nice decor, excellent food, FREAKING AMAZING Bloody Mary's....I've found a new breakfast spot in Gilbert!!Our first visit was a day date for the hubs and I. He had been wanting to check this place out but thought the only one that existed was in Arcadia. I mentioned I had driven by the one on Warner and since we had other plans in Tempe that day, we decided to check it out. We arrived around 9:30am on a Friday and were promptly seated. During our time there, an hour or so, it really filled up.I ordered the chiliquilles. I asked our server what he recommended between those and the corned beef hash. The serving was large and I filed up quickly. The chips stayed crunchy through the whole meal...nothing worse than soggy chips. Blech! Not wanting to get loaded first thing in the morning (and therefore sleepy), we chose to split a Mary's en Fuego. Jalapeno vodka, Bloody Mary mix, bacon bits, Old Bay rim. YUM! It was spicy and so, so good. Highly recommended.On the next visit we brought the kids.  They loved their pancakes. This time I went with the corned beef hash. Meh. Small portion and not a lot of flavor. The chiliquilles is where it's at. Oh...and another Bloody Mary.
I come here for the atmosphere and the pretzel fondue! Culinary is right in the middle of things in Scottsdale and it is a fun atmosphere for drinks/dinner before a night out on the town. It is trendy, upbeat and has live music on weekends, which can also make it pretty loud. The food is pretty good too, but not a ton of options for those (like me) who don't eat meat. I have never come here and not started with the pretzel fondue (they're amazing) and my go to menu item is usually the Ahi Salad.
Love this bar going to rage extremely hard and these guys support my drinking habits!!!
I don't understand how people can rate so high. Came in greeters were awesome, was seated and then came the wait. Food was alright a bit salty, the hit here is the flaming fajitas which they douse in vegetable oil in order to light. We did really enjoy the chips, salsa, and onion chile slices however we did not receive amazing service like most if the reviews. They took ten minutes to get our waters and soft drinks, and the pina colada my dad ordered was pretty much ice chunks and milk. After receiving our meal we had to flag them down to get refills and extra napkins or what not. Definitely not a high chance of returning.
Very clean eating. So many food combinations that can be created it would take a while to get through all of them. Staff was patient with me since it was my first time. Will definitely eat there again.
Middle America takes a lot of crap from the sushi-eating, wheatgrass-farting, vegan, Prius-driving type people on the coasts. But people on the coasts don't know what good barbecue is because, well, they don't have good barbecue on the coasts. To be fair, when it comes to sushi, wheatgrass, hybrids and BBQ, Madison is more similar to the coasts than Memphis, KC, South Carolina, or Austin. That is going to change when Blair Street Brew and BBQ gets fully up and running and people try the incredible stuff this guy is smoking up in this tiny corner joint downtown. An employee carrying in a pile of hickory sticks held the door open for us. Courteous service and more importantly, an actual smoker on the premises. Good sign.We sat down at the well-stocked bar with a great selection of top-shelf booze and Wisconsin and Midwest beers, and homemade, flavored lemonades for the kids, teetotallers or the truly thirsty. Tangy, meaty wings are on the appetizer menu. We received them as part of our combo platter because they hadn't gotten the chicken in yet. They had just opened for business in the preceding day or two. The "Badger Feast" claims it's enough to feed a lineman. My son and I shared it. The two of us weigh about 220 pounds combined. We took 1/3 of it home. Claim verified. The feast included: - rib tips, with a 1/4" smoke ring as pink as the cute, pig-shaped VW Bug delivery car parked out front. They tasted like heaven. Perfectly smoky, without one dry spot on the large portion.- bacon, smoky and peppery. I had one bite. My daughter ate the rest. - ham, smoky and juicy if on the salty side, but that's ham, right? - brisket, tender and lean. It's a work in progress on the smoke flavoring. The owner said he's still perfecting it. Based on the rest of the feast, he'll perfect it very soon. - the pulled pork offers a perfect balance of seasoning, smokiness and tenderness. Easy to eat. No gristle or blubber. - my wife loved the chicken salad. You can read her review. This outstanding new entry to Madison's casual dining scene is in an unfortunate location that's been a graveyard for restaurants, but there's a key difference: the previous places, respectively, served mediocre pizza and overpriced sandwiches; this place is amazing. If my wallet and arteries could take it, I'd keep them in business myself. Can't wait to try the BBQ chicken.
First time here and absolutely incredible!! Definitely will be back, Carna aseda burrito was the best!They even have fresh Jalepanos !!!
When I walked in I was a little apprehensive, there is kinda a funky smell in the eating area but the food was pretty great.  I looove their crust.  I had the pepperoni and also the house special, the house special was fantastic.  My son loved the pepperoni.  My only complaints:  it took a while to get our food and the pizza was a little over greasy (to the point of being liquidy at some spots.  None of that will keep me from going back though!
Had the pizza here several times now and really love it! I usually go with the pep and sausage or just cheese. Love the thin crust, zesty and tangy sauce. Pizza dough is fresh and the crust is crispy. Young Female Staff Members are friendly, attentive and not hard on the eyes (always a bonus).The personal Pan Pizza probably would leave a Big Hungry guy, desiring a bit more. Keep that in mind when ordering.Never tried delivery but hear they can be a bit slow and that they can get busy.Looking forward to trying some of the other menu items!
Had really great food here (date pizza, hummus, and Mac and cheese) and the atmosphere is cute and welcoming. Service was a tad slow when we first arrived but it was a busy Friday and our server was apologetic. Value was great-- fiancé and I left stuffed and we each had two drinks for a tab of around $50. For the quality we definitely would have expected higher prices. We will definitely be back!!
My daughter and I really wanted Grimaldi's but didn't want to drive that far (or spend that much).  We thought we would give this a try hoping it would be a good compromise.  We both ordered the tomato basil and I added spinach while my daughter added bacon and pepperoni.   Everyone working was very nice and pleasant but they didn't quite seem to have the best system figured out yet.  The guy putting the sauce and cheese on didn't tell the next guy what I ordered so the basil was skipped on both our pizzas.  No big deal, I will just pay more attention next time.  The first guy I ordered with noticed it after they cooked and offered to fix it but I insisted it wasn't a big deal.  I appreciated the fact he said something (most people probably wouldn't say anything).Now for the pizza.... OMG this was really really good!  And I mean really good!  The ingredients tasted really fresh and the pizza was a really good size.  Without a doubt we will be back and I will be telling friends and co-workers about it.
After reading all the great reviews we finally made it into Phoenix to try out The Henry. I absolutely loved it! The breakfast menu was not too extensive but there were a lot of tasty items to choose from. I decided on the 2 egg breakfast with bacon. I ordered my eggs scrambled and I think they may have been the best scrambled eggs I have ever had. My hubby had the chicken fried chicken which came with biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were absolutely delicious. I liked that I was also able to enjoy a Bloody Mary with my breakfast too. Our awesome server Adam told us that they actually have a build your own Bloody Mary cart on the weekends between 10a-2p. I am anxious to go back and give that a try. If this was closer to home I'm pretty sure we would be here several times a month. We will definitely be back even with the drive because it was that good. Great food, unbelievable service and a cool atmosphere!
I went here to order-to-go 30 minutes prior to closing time and I didn't want to be one of "those" customers who orders a lot right before closing.. but surprisingly, there were a lot of people ordering to-go so I didn't feel as bad!I got there and ordered:1. Fried Chives Dumpling- its HUGE! I thought it would be small so I wanted to order 4, but the guy said it was big so I ended up ordering 2.. good call. Its really good! It was like an asian quesadilla.. lol.2. General Tso- TSO good (;3. Popcorn Chicken- okay, i've had a lot of popcorn chicken in my days.. but for some reason.. the seasoning on this chicken is different. Its so addicting.. I ended up eating it all before my boyfriend could even have some! He agrees as well.. theres something about their popcorn chicken that doesn't want you to stop eating it!4. pork dumplings- it tastes like every pork dumping.. its good, though!5. chive pancakes- ehh, you can skip on that. its not good unless its fresh!I ordered all this and they were so fast! We were in and out of there in about 15 mins!I want to go here again and order their drinks. I heard they use only fresh fruits and i'm a sucker for fresh fruit smoothies!Overall, this place is really good & I would recommend it for late eats!
When I arrived I wondered what I was getting myself into since the place is attached to a strip club. I was hesitant to walk in but was very surprised at the atmosphere. It was like any other restaurant, nothing to do with the business next door. The head chef came out several times to see if we enjoyed our food, Chris was also very friendly with making our table side guacamole. Everything we tried was so good, it's hard to find good mexican restaurants but this is one of a kind. You have to try it.
Food was excellent just had a delish dinner here at Nacho Daddy on Sahara. Great food made better but our wonderful server Tammy. she was attentive, fun, and really wonerful. you will be lucky to have her wait on you.
