Thai food is pretty easy to do well. Unfortunately thai lahna cuts a lot of corners and serves mediocre food. It's a neat little space with cool decorations but it's nowhere near the best thai you can get in the area Chicken satay was ok, but the peanut sauce was runny and gross. Chicken lahb (I normally see it called "larb") didn't have nearly enough citrus and I could feel granules of chili powder on my tongue. Green curry with beef was underwhelming in flavor and lacked any interesting tasty veggiesIf a friend made this meal for me, I'd be like great job, keep working at it! Unfortunately this is a restaurant, so it gets 2 stars
I came here on a recommendation on how good the food is. I was disappointed with the salad that had brown wilted lettuce that tasted old and the Sausage sandwich was just OK. Next time I will try the pizza only.....that's if I make it back.
Stopped in to grab a quick bagel and was very happy with what we got!! The staff was very friendly,  the bagels are huge with plenty of cream cheese. Excellent! !
This joint is open 24 hours!!!  Sold. I had the pho dac biet, and it was super good.  The broth was flavorful and clear and the meat was, surprisingly, very tender.  The noodles were firm and everything was just delicious.  I would normally order pho thai rather than pho dac biet, but I was feeling like a fatty and went ahead with it.  The wait staff were friendly and patient so that's always a plus.  The facility was CLEAN!!  Now, that's something you don't see very often in pho joints.I also ordered the che ba mau (three-color dessert) and it was just okay.  It was in a small cup and I was charged $3.50.  Kinda pricey, but, meh, I've had better.  I took my parents here (who grew up in Vietnam and are self-proclaimed pho connoisseurs) and they really liked the food.  Score!  I pat myself in the back. The only downside was that it's a little pricier (by $1 or $2) than what my family and I were used to paying compared to pho in LA .  A couple dollars may not seem as much, but it'll add up.  That aside, come here and enjoy the pho.
1 Star for Komol? Absolutely. Komol's food is usually really good, so much so that it's been on my weekly lunch rotation for almost 2 years. But no matter how good their food is, if you can't get service nothing else matters. Less than an hour ago as I write this and for the 2nd time recently I've walked out without getting my food. If the parking lot is packed service always seems to suffer. Thursdays in particular seem to be the worst. While LOS across the parking lot is a lot more expensive and overrated in my opinion, at least I can get something to eat there. When the Komol staff knows you by name, and even knows your favorite order and they still screw it up...yeah, that's certainly 1 Star worthy.
This place is just like a hospital cafeteria. lots of boothes, very clean but It's an all-you-can EAT buffet. so What do you expect? Very BLAH!! Really NO staff to speak of just a busboyAND SALAD BAR REFILL PEOPLE WHO WERE no WHERE TO BE FOUND.BUSBOY spent the entire time we were there flirting with other male patrons and NOT clearing tables. WE Had NO Expectations BUT it was still LOUSYNOT very many selections. 4 soups-butter bean,chicken noodle,beef noodle and beef vegetable(the beef was ground beef) 3 types of salad-chicken caesar-mixed greens and a blueberry mango special I tried. The beef soups were OK -filling anyways NOT much on the FLAVOR. There was pizza and potatoes and 6 different tuna & noodle-type salads and about 20 salad mix items for your salad BUT not anything EXTRAordinary. Pretty Awful ReallyNOT SO SOOUPAH!! Where to START?? If you need a quick fill and ONLY have $5 in your pocket-Give it a try-otherwise go try Chili's,Chop Stix or Romano's Macaroni Grill all in the same shopping center. For Value it is a good deal BUT for Quality NOT!!ONLY THING GOING HERE IS IT'S CHEAPER THAN A HAPPY MEAL @ $3.95 FOR LUNCH
I've lived nearby it before and had never gone in, I had heard good things from people who's food opinions I trusted and decided that today is the day. Their lunch specials were great, something everyone could enjoy and great prices. There were no pictures of the entrees so I was a little worried but when my food arrived it was lovely, delicious pad Thai awesomeness. Everyone at our table cleaned their plates (except for me because, you know, I'm a dainty flower and large portions for me means doggie bag left overs for the boyfriend.) Their Thai tea was perfect, it made me smile and I had to use some self control instead of just chugging the whole glass. The food was authentic and fresh and  delicious and their prices make it even better. Now I know where to go when my Thai food cravings hit again. And the name of the place is fun to say...
Just gone done with a birthday dinner here for my cousin. I will say what we ordered (Margherita pizza) was very good, but others at our table were disappointed with what they ordered. The mozzarella was some of the best I've ever had.My issue is with the service. Dinner was at 7. Our waitress, Victoria, failed to clear plates from the table, had to make it a point that they don't offer free birthday desserts because "they get 2 to 4 birthdays a night." That's fine, but I'm sure every birthday table is dropping $200 or more on wine & food and you can't give out a small free birthday dessert?The worst part of the night was waiting FORTY-FIVE minutes for her to tally 5 separate checks for 14 people. What should have been an enjoyable 1.5 half hour dinner turned into a 2.5 hour nightmare with some of the worst service I've ever received. Even the owner was sitting at the bar with a glass of wine on his laptop and ignoring the 3 birthday tables he had.In fact, getting the check took so long that by the time we left we were hungry again, so we stopped off at Burrito Express & got great service!
Dear Bouncers at Four Peaks,So many people "judge a book by its cover"--and for good reason--the "cover" is the first impression that one gets of a business. At Four Peaks, you make for a terrible "cover" and I will not return until your attitude improves. Get off your high peaks. Until then, I'm off to buy a 40 of Bud Light at Circle K.Kind regards,Former Customer
You can't find better bar food anywhere. The beer is also great, and I'm not a huge fan of beer. I LOVE their peach ale. The Beer Bread Sandwiches are terrific and their fries are delicious. No air conditioning, just a  swamp cooler so while you are fine to go there on a summer day, just make sure you get a table deep inside the building.
This. Place. ROX! I'll never go back to Subway or Jimmy John's again! I had The Kind (Turkey, Bacon, Swiss n Shrooms) on garlic bread with veggies and mayo and BOY was it phenomenal! My husband got the AK-47 (French Dip with red onions, shrooms and provolone with mayo and lettuce) on garlic bread and that did not disappoint either. This place also has great snacks! I sampled a ball of mashmallow melted with fruity pebbles and it truly hit the spot! I am looking forward to making this my regular lunch place every Sat while I do my laundry (24 hr laundry mat in same plaza) and am going to enjoy tasting everything on their menu. They are open late AND deliver!If you're a toasted Sammy lover like me, you'll LOVE THIS PLACE TOO! CHECK IT OUT!
Came here after the longest plane ride ever from Charlotte. Rode around and discovered Bahama Breeze. Me and my friend figured that since the parking lot was full at 2pm on a Friday afternoon...the food must be pretty good. We decided to order our food To-Go and the hostess was very helpful offering some recommendations. We order and we sit around chatting and people watching. After 15 minutes, our food is ready!I ordered the Oak Grilled Chicken Sandwich with lettuce, tomato and goat cheese on Ciabatta bread....AMAZING! The chicken was tender and juicy and well seasoned. The cheese was slightly melted and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and tasty! I ordered the tomato, basil and balsamic vinegarette salad on the side. I ate that on the way back to the resort so fast..I couldnt really tell you how it tasted...so I assume it was good. After the sandwich and and ice cold beer, I slept for hours :) Bahama Breeze?? You have a satisfied customer here! Now...build a restaurant in Virginia/DC area please!!
Before leaving my review I want to give my humble opinion on all the negative reviews on this place. The chicken connection is part o the food court at the mall, so it is important to reset expectations to the right levels when you are getting value for your money.Every time I come to this stand, the staff is friendly and the food looks fresh and appealing (except for the shrimp...the presentation is a bit dry for my taste), including the free samples. Just like with places like Panda Express or Ichiban, you pick rice or veggies and then your dishes.Every dish you get here is chicken, as hinted by the name, and every single one is tasty. They have bourbon, blackened, sweet and sour, and stewed chicken with a spicy kick. You can get rice and two chicken dishes for $7 minus discount if you work a the mall, making it a good place to come have lunch.Like a good friend of mine said... "At the chicken connection you get plenty of protein with one carb or veggies for around $7. What else can you ask for?"
Best fish and chips I've eaten. The service was spotty. The place is in a real need for a makeover.
Impeccable service and food. Just one of those places where you KNOW you will be treated top notch. It is pricey but I still would have expected our server to inform us when items are extra like Caesar salad instead of garden salad and anchovies on the Caesar were an extra $2.
I will say one thing about Barcelona. It is spacious, so for all the claustrophobic people out there, you'll definitely not feel like a sardine in a tin can. I love how you have your options open - if you'd like to feel the sultry summer breeze, or lack of, you can sit outside, or if you are freezing you can go to the main building, and dance your drunk ass off. Yes, the live band's slightly cheesy, but when you're inebriated, who cares? Caution, for cougar lovers, there are a lot prowling around, waiting to sink their claws in young meat. I've never had the opportunity to eat there, so I can't say anything in regards to food. This is definitely not for people who are going out, expecting to meet a ton of young people, and surround yourself with recent college graduates. Yes, there is diversity. I've seen young to extremely old. I've met my share of extremely weird characters, like this man who was trying to pull girls from the dance floor or the bar, to share the VIP experience with his son who was celebrating his birthday. It sort of felt like he was trying to pimp us out to his son, but that's a different story all together. Barcelona's is a cougar's den, and the drinks aren't satisfactory for the wallet, but I do emphasize how I love the spaciousness of this place! I suppose that's the only reason I enjoy it, anyway. I usually relax outside, and the dancing side of me doesn't come into action here. With the live band, it's hard to shake my moneymaker, anyway.
Judging by apperances, you would think this place is pretentious, trendy, and expensive. So it kind of is. But it's also a place that makes their martinis stong and filled to the brim (you know when you put liquid into a container and it gets a "dome effect" when it's about to spill over? that's how full they make them) serves buffalo chicken sandwiches and crisscut fries in a basket for $7, all in an open, airy envoronment that is truly unique in it's design and has won accolades in the architectural world. So you really get your money's worth. Reservations are not accepted, so the wait can be annoying, but it's quickly forgotten as it's a prime spot for people watching while you hang out at the bar. I've come here on dates and also for a girls night out and each time I love AZ88 a little more.
The space is really cool and the service was good, but the food was less then impressive. I think the menu can be a little more creative and better quality for a place like this. Its reminiscent of cafeteria food. Drinks were good though.
I really like this buffet because it had good quality food.  there wasn't as much of a selection compared to places like crave at mirage, but the food all tasted great for me.  I think the buffet here is also at a good price around 18 bucks for lunch and 23 bucks for dinner(more expensive on weekends).  Things that i like: Prime rib, pasta, bacon, mongolian beef, crab legs, etc.  Check it out, its the best buffet on the strip hands down.
Wonderful seafood. The lobster pot pie is a must!
I visited Cantina 1511 for a Saturday lunch and ordered the enchiladas de Dennis.  Although the flavor was warm and inviting it did not wow the palate.  The food seems to be very 'visitor friendly'.  It is as one would expect for TexMex, not a traditional enchilada but also not bold or daring in its ingredient selection or spices.  Service was adequate as it was not very busy around 1 PM on a Saturday. We were seated in the front of the restaurant closest to the road.  I'm not sure if the guys at the table next to us just had large lungs with voices that carried or if the room could have used some sound barriers because I could hear their conversation better than our own!
Went here on our trip due to reviews. Food was good, not amazing, but overpriced for Italian food. Waiter totally forgot about us after we got our food and waited at least 40 minutes just to get the check. Also think I got food poisoning from lobster truffle gnocchi. Disappointed to say the least.
Consistently a good experience. Amazing hummus, always a variety of new dishes.
Service is always good here. This location is much smaller than the one in Henderson.  Food on a 5 star scale:Fried Shrimp 4.5 StarThey give you 8 big pieces, not too bready like L&L. The mustardy tartar sauce might be too tarty for some people. BBQ Salmon 4.5 StarFlavorful with generous pieces... sometimes.Shrimp Curry 4 StarAbout 5 shrimps, with potato and carrots in a yummy curry sauce. A little cincy with the curry though. Kalua Pig 2.5 StarDry and bland. Kalbi 2.5 StarToo sweetBBQ Chicken 2.5 StarBland.  Macaroni 3.5 StarIt's much better than a lot of places but not better than Zippy's.Musubi 3.5 StarWhere's the spam? Nice hint of teriyaki sauce.Malasada 1 StarCome on, we know your trick.  Pillsbury biscuits deep fried and coated with sugar.  Garlic Noodles 2 StarIt was garlicy, but missing something. Chicken Katsu 4 StarGolden Brown to perfection.Manapua 3 StarIt's all bread and hardly any char sui.I'd rather go here than L&L or Island Flavor any day.
The service is exceptional!!   We enjoyed the house salad and fish and chips.  Would return and try some new dishes.  The decor is beautiful.
HORRIBLE!!!! I do not know how this place stays in business... Bland! No flavor at all and over priced! I'm from Houston so my Mexican food standards are high.  I will NEVER come back to this place :(
Agree with Jeremy A. - this place has great value. Heck, I was happy thinking of the buffet this way:"Whoa, $25 is a great deal for all you can eat shrimp cocktail!"(And if you just do that, they will probably lose money on you!)Random thoughts.- The sushi is pretty lame. It clearly comes out of a machine, gross. The temaki is OK but like all temaki it is 99% rice and 1% fish.- Delicious prime rib. It is arguably better than the stuff at the Bellagio, which I found to be dry and flavorless. They also have actual (non-creamy) horseradish, which I appreciate deeply.- GREAT gelato - but the guy was giving everyone the evil eye, I don't know why. I won't hold it against the place.- And of course, great shrimp cocktail / raw bar :)I'd love to come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
My favorite Thai spot in Vegas! Hole in the wall, mom and pop. If you are looking for some real authentic Thai food, don't go to the fancy Thai restaurants on the strip and pay more when you can get the real thing for a fair price on Flamingo(and newer location on Sahara). I usually order the Tom yum soup, papaya salad, and pad seew with chicken at every Thai place I try. All very yummy at Archie's.There are spice levels from 1-10. 1 being mild and 10 being the most spicy. I ordered all 6 on the spicy dishes. I love spicy food, meaning I love jalapenos, habanero, Thai chili peppers. 6 was a little too spicy for me, but after a few bites, I got used to it. I think 5 would be perfect. At least you can add more of your own peppers to taste. I can't even imagine how spicy a 10 would be. I can imagine level 10 being on "man vs food".The Thai iced tea was good, served in a huge glass. They do put tons of ice, so if you would like more liquid then ice, I'd tell them to lay off the ice a little. I personally like it with a lot of ice though. The thai iced tea also neutralizes the spicy hotness in your mouth.  The only negative comment I have about archi's is the bathroom. It's not very clean and there were no paper towels or extra toilet paper.Go here for real delicious Thai.
Food overall was good (Tofu soup, grilled meat, etc.).  There wasn't really any dish I could knock.  Serving size for lunch dishes was still pretty large.  The wait staff was pretty helpful in helping me pick something good that I've never had before.  Hell, I even think the water they serve there is bottled, not tap!
The wife and I were out running errands and it was getting late so we decided to stop by Ricardo's because it had been a while since our last visit. It was after 9pm, so we were seated in the bar area, which was fine because it was pretty chill for a Friday night. We both hadn't eaten since lunch, so we were excited for the chips and salsa. The chips are pretty fantastic, fresh and not too salty. The mild salsa was like cold tomato soup, but the medium had nice full flavor, though could have been chunkier. The bean dip tasted like bacon fat, and that is kind of a turn off for me. My wife had the veggie fajitas (minus the mushrooms) which tasted very good. I had a Chile relleno and cheese enchilada combo plate. The Relleno was decent, but the chile was super mild and not a lot of flavor. The enchilada was very good, and the sauce was just right, not too overpowering. I also got a Pacifico for $4.25 which wasn't too horrible. The portions are a bit smaller than other Mexican places (the plate filled me up, but I had no leftovers which isn't typical for me), and the prices are a bit high, but if you have a  hankering for some late night eats that won't give you a big of a gut bomb as say Roberto's (which I love, so no trash talk here), this is the place for you. It is also not a bad place for an everyday dinner either!
As I always do at every steakhouse, is start with the lobster bisque. Broth was awesome! But no lobster! And had some sort of pasta textured tiny balls in it! Lose that, and put some lobster in it, and it would be great!!!Had the 8oz filet oscar, cooked to perfection! Great service!
4 and a half stars. great kebobs and fresh pita bread.
Wonderful service and delicious Chinese food!  Loved the hot towels they brought you between courses.  The portions were large enough that our table of 7 all shared.  To end the meal you are given a fortune cookie and a bailey's & milk shooter-yum! I'd definitely recommend it!
Do as the locals do. That's what brought us to Winchell's for dinner. It has the usual pub fare -- burgers, sandwiches, meat, and greasy appetizers. And they did it all well... just enough to add it to my "could go to again" list. And I think that's an important list to be on. What really put this on the map and pleasantly surprised me was the steak -- it was tender and flavorful, not the rough and stringy meat I usually have at pub/brewery/restaurant type places.It's totally out of the way and off the strip -- more for locals than tourists, but if you're looking for some greasy food and want to avoid the crowds, this is a good option to consider.
Went on a Saturday night to have a drink and some wings with friends while attending a conference across the street at the Westin. They were out of wings, and oddly sat us upstairs by ourselves when there were plenty of seats available downstairs. The food was decent and decently priced. Our waitress was much too casual, though - she dropped the F-bomb a few times and complained about her coworker being pregnant. We watched her turn a coffee-thermos upside down to get the last few drops out before delivering it to us. The coffee wasn't even warm, let alone hot.
The owner, Sherry is the nicest woman on the planet. You may get a hug from her, even if you are meeting her for the first time. By moving my table to accommodate some diners next to me, I got mad hugs. And a nice chat about our rescue dogs at home- always a huge fan of that. The wait staff is always super laid back and friendly as well and seem to go above and beyond to be real and chat......so ok, on with the food.So SC may be a tad overpriced, but they serve a great brunch. The veggie omelet is always solid and always chock full of steamed veggies. They do a really great soy latte as well- served in these cool, square mugs. Beware- the place gets packed during brunch! There is a coffee bar area where you can sit and wait, so I suggest bringing a laptop with you while you wait.
Great lunch today. We are disappointed with the over done breadsticks. :( The past few times we have been to Olive Garden, the breadsticks are dry and hard! Bring back soft breadsticks, or I'm done.
Went for breakfast this morning and wish I had gone before.  I had the smoked salmon scrambled eggs and they were terrific.  The portion sizes were huge and well worth the money.
What a way to make your sub for only 5 bucks!!  You have the choice of all kinds of meats and toppings plus killer shakes too!!  If you need a quick fix or want to sneek food into the movies stop by here you will not be disappointed!  Turkey pastrimi, buffalo chicken and gyro meats are to die for.  Just grab a sharpe. write your name on the top of the bag and check off the things you want on the sub..  that simple - well for some...  Its hard for me to pick what I want.
For the price we paid...the food was not worth it. Our group of 4 ordered 3 different main dishes (the salmon, the tuna and the lobster pot pie), a common appetizer (calamari) and individual starters. Before I move on, I need to say that the service was great - my main crib is about the food. Calamari was decent, but you could get better at any local seafood place. I ordered the gumbo to start with and I must say that I was really disappointed. After watching Emeril's show - I expected his recipes to be a lot better. The gumbo was gritty by design, mushy and didnt really give you the fresh seafood taste. After eating this in a couple of joints in New Orleans, I can say that this definately wasn't up to the mark. We all tasted each other's food and I have to say that the lobster pot pie was the pick of the lot followed by the salmon. For God's sake don't get the Tuna.
Noticed this place after a dinner at Pita Jungle. I have a new found love for gelato so I decided to check it out.The gentleman working the counter must have been an owner as he commented on his wife making all the flavors. Anytime an establishment is run by an owner it tends to be great friendly service. Yay mom and pop places! Thank you for forging ahead in these uncertain times.So they have Avocado gelato.. I've learned that if something seems super weird/crazy on a menu that its always worth a try. If it was horrible its very unlikely it would be on the menu.. unless it was brand new.Flavors Sampled:Avocado:The guy told me I wouldn't be sorry for trying it and he was right. The creamy/fatty flavor/texture of the avocado was a great pairing. Gelato is much lower in fat then regular ice cream so the added fat from the avocado didn't make it overly heavy. It was very smooth, creamy and refreshing.Peanut Butter:By now those poor souls who actually read my novel like reviews know my love for peanut butter. This had an amazingly strong peanut flavor and was made with real peanut butter. I didn't ask which brand but I'm guessing it was not one filled with sugar. Was a very dark rich roasted peanut flavor verses the sugar bomb type we usually get in baked goods/sweets.Strawberry(no sugar added):Had a nice strong strawberry flavor but was a little overly sweet like most sucralose type products.Mango:Super strong mango flavor. There was no guessing what you were eating. Not sure how they got this much flavor from a natural product but I don't believe they use any artificial flavoring.I ended up getting half and half peanut butter/avocado.. and no I didn't mix them.. that would be weird even for me :POne other cool thing I noticed was a topping they had. The Costco peanut butter filled pretzels. Imagine how tasty that would be with some peanut butter ice cream or chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.. YUM!One thing they had going that gelato spot and many of the others don't is the large size selection. There were 5 or so different sizes and ALL sizes including the smallest could be mixed. Most have a large and a small and will only do a single flavor in the small. I like that you can get as much product as you want.. cuts down on waste and probable overeating.
Went to hear Bill Dutcher play (wonderful guitarist and entertainer).  First time visiting this place.I won't bore you with the details, but it will be our last time visiting this place!Poor service.  Way overpriced!  Ordered the garlic noodles (at the end of a cold and just wanted some comfort food).  Was told that was the kids menu (which I hadn't noticed) and would not make it for me as I was not a kid anymore.  I asked if they could make it as an adult dish and would be happy to pay more.  After much ado, they finally agreed.  Served it to me way late in the game and charged $4 more (that's okay I expected to pay more and offered).The sushi was okay but our bill was over $80 (yes we had a few beers too).If you want great sushi.....go to Blue Wasabi,  Great happy hours and much better service and food.Sorry, cannot recommend going here  :(
Well what do you say, it is always hopping,,,,burgers and salads...FRESH, obviously high food turnover, the place is usually packed.  I personally don't see what the hype is ???? Fast, easy, casual.....good service...it gets my vote.
Are you listening, LES INFIDELES satisfies with class and fervour!Evan b. is right on with his BYOB details, a total win win. We also dined on the escargot, freakin' holy moly taste! I had the goat cheese brie crostini, never have I tasted such wonderful cheese than this summer in Montreal! MERCI! And the greens were dressed with, possibly, a champagne vinagrette?  A truly refreshing dish. A pork tenderloin in a balsamic reduction was heavenly and the cravettes were cooked to perfection. We too walked through Parc Lafontaine and Rue Rachel is lovely. A great location for a pre- and post dinner stroll. The entire evening was a delightful date night. Make a reservation and see for yourself.
With a grand selection and variety of beers, everyone can satisfy their personal taste, you just can't go wrong at Vices et Versa! We sat outside on the patio, which had a nice feel to it. My friends and I had a bunch of different degustation pairings that included white, blonde, and amber beers, as well as cider! They were all delicious, my least favorite one being the ginger beer. My friend ordered a pizza for herself, it was perfectly sized for a single eater and tasted delicious (she was nice enough to give me a bite!). The server was accommodating, friendly, attentive, and helpful. I was especially impressed when he told my friend that her pizza had accidentally been overcooked and burned a little, so they were making her a brand new one. I commend and respect that very much because many places are more interested in your wallet than in your satisfaction. It's a shame when they don't care about the quality of the food they're pushing, Vices et Versa on the other hand does care and it shows.
I detest puns. You have no idea how much I do. I wanted to hate this place when I heard the name and saw the menu. However, our hotel staff recommended it (also, it was one of the few places open on New Year's Day).I was wrong. The food was outstanding and we were seated promptly. The wait staff were quick with our food and even gave us some tips on how to get to where we wanted to sightsee in Montreal!I forget what it was called, but I had french toast topped with flambeed bananas, brown sugar, brandy, cinnamon and powder sugar. The potatoes on the side were incredible and the freshly squeezed orange juice was good. Possibly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had!If/when I return to Montreal I would definitely hit this place up again.
Huge dissapointment. Service was lousy. It seemed like the waitstaff was completely untrained. Since I ordered the chicken parmesan, I felt like a side of pasta. The waiter let us know that "chef" didn't allow sides of pasta. He reccomended that my girlfried and I split the $19 pasta entree. Well "chef" had no right to not allow sides of pasta based upon how the rest of his food tasted. The chicken was overcooked to the point that it tasted burnt even under a layer of cheese. This wasn't even the worst part. The chicken parmesan was covered in so much garlic that not only could I not finish it, but it tasted more like garlic bread than the actual garlic bread did. Not impressed conisidering the amount of money I paid.
I'm new to the area, and have been looking for the perfect spot to call my own since I moved here. Well, that place has turned out to be Jackalope Jacks and I'm pretty excited about it. I have tried many things off the menu on our weekly visit, and I have yet to be dissapointed. They add something to everything, that I'm just assuming is canned deliciousness, and that's just fine by me. I knew this was the place for me, when we walked up and people had their pups sitting by their side on the patio. They have the deck area with the fans that blow mist, and that's pretty great on a hot day, it's like my own personal sprinkler, and if I closed my eyes long enough, I'd be wisked away to days of my childhood with the sprinkler spraying on me. Ah, memories... Oh.. crap, I'm getting off track here...But I love everything about Jacks, from the ski ball, to the chalkboard wall bathrooms, to the selection of drinks and food. I will be there for Karaoke one night and I'm sure I'll make lots of new friends who will feel the same way about this awesome place :P
Historically M & S has been a stable seafood restaurant.  It has always been a reliable place to go for good food.  The Charlotte spot does not disappoint.
One of the Viet restaurants we hit up a lot.  The rice plates are very generous and taste good.  The spring rolls and egg rolls are also good.  Had a few different broken rice plates and had no complaints thus far.  Not too many dessert choices, but a pretty good spot if you have that rice craving.  Also, next to market and boba spots...that was a plus.
Why did I wait so long to try this! This is no typical torta joint!  This place has a plethora (do I get extra points for using this word?) of tastiness on the menu!  Tortas, tacos, ice cream, all these other dessert choices...AND....a little bakery! All of their agua frescas are amazingly tasty...not too sweet at all!  I had agua limon and I wanted more!  Very clean and very friendly service!  Great little salsa bar and just yummy all around!
If you get a chance to check this place out it is worth it.  It is very small and at times you feel a little cramped but the food is GREAT! My personal favorite at this location is the Sweet Potato Fries.   They taste like candy!  I usually order the Turkey Burger with a Whole Wheat bun.  Gotta love this place.   At Red Rock Casino, it is a waaaaaays from anything you might be familiar with in Las Vegas but it is one of the best sit-down burger joints you'll find.
Food is always great I love going there during lunch. But just make sure you dint get Anthony as a waiter he is rude bring you the wrong food plate and tell you "oh you ain't adventurist why didn't you eat it. " He didn't gives us a copy of receipt and was mad because of no tip!
I'm so confused. I came to this place with a Groupon expecting myself a lunch.I pulled up to the location and there is not only a sign that said "Closed for renovation", but there was the name of another restaurant painted on the windows and on the billboard on the street.So did another restaurant take over this location?
I've been here a few times with our family.  This usually consists of myself, my husband, my 2-year-old, my 6-year-old, and my in-laws.  There isn't anything really that kid friendly on the menu, but they recommended a friend chicken cutlet that they cut up like chicken fingers.  The kids loved it.  Our sushi is always presented very well.  They cut carrots to look like birds.  I've never seen anything like it.  My kids were amazed.  We had to take the carrot birds home and put them in the refrigerator.  The sushi tasted really good.  We ordered a lot of sushi, but finished it between the four adults.  It was so good.  My father in law said the sushimi he ordered was really good.  I had hot sake, and my husband prefers the cold.  Both were really good.  It isn't the most kid friendly, but they do have high chairs available, and the wait staff is very patient.  Our service was good, because all of the waiters and waitresses just seem to work together.  No one is only responsible for their tables, we had drinks filled by whoever walked by.  Everyone seemed to be big on checking every table they walked by to make sure customers were pleased.  It has really good ambiance (in the evening) especially for a strip mall sushi place.  I was really pleasantly surprised.  If nothing else, it's worth coming here for presentation.  I'm really disappointed I didn't have my camera to photograph the way they plated our sushi.
This Buffett was surprisingly very delicious! Bottomless mimosas for Memorial Day started things off on a high note. It is very upscale and has quite a variety for being a Buffett. I had crab legs, which were steamed, seasoned well and already open for you. I also had smoked salmon, garlic chicken and some potatoes. They had breakfast items, Chinese food, all kinds of meat and more. The decor is very nice & upscale, I would go back!
This is for the Wine me, Dine me.It was not very impressive. Our "wine steward" for the evening admitted he didn't even drink wine himself but thought we ladies would like the sweeter wine the best. WHAT?!?! Not only were you stupid, you were insulting too. Maybe the restaurant should have a professional serving wine instead of college kid.The Chef was very nice and the first three course were good but again, not impressed. The dessert was the most disappointing, we should have asked for something different. Even the chef implied at the beginning of the evening that the pastry's chef creation was a crap shoot....total fail! I should have said something at the time but only went back later to tell the chef who had left for the evening. I would stick to the regular menu. Breakfast each morning was great so I can only imagine their other menus are good too.
Yippe-kai-aaaay! Honey and I met friends there last Friday after hearing so many great things about this joint and I am pleased to let you know, they were all spot on. We saddled up to a table near the bar, ordered drinks (me a skinny marg which was good, but a little weird because of the bubbly? i guess they thought adding soda water made it skinnier?) and once our friends joined us we ordered the queso fondue appetizer. Melted cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms served with warm tortilla chips? Can I get a Hell-yeah? It was super yum. Like moaning at each bite nummy. Also not too heavy like some cheese-based appetizers can be. We got more chips and cleaned house. Onto entrees. Honey and I shared the steak fajitas and our friends shared the quesadilla burger. Everyone at the table ordered a $2 taco add-on (that my friends, is Brilliant!) and whallah, here's comes the goods, perfectly timed. Our fajitas were loaded with crispy veggies - you name it, it was in there. Sooooo flipping over the top good. And a testament to their quality of meat was that you didn't need to scissor your front teeth for 2 minutes after each bite to separate the rest of the meat in the tortilla to that in your mouth. Excellent stuff! Our friends also loved their burger and the tacos were the perfect complement to both of our meals. The music - first some guy with a guitar and a great voice and then a old-time country music band were very enjoyable. The music wasn't too loud, the quality was excellent and while none of us are country music fans, it was fun to hear everyone's favorites sung live - and very well. Overall, a GREAT place to eat and relax and enjoy music. We'll certainly be back.
My personal opinon:Overpriced WAAAY overpriced and not good. The cheese pizza wasn't good, the pizza rolls weren't good. The service was average, the atmosphere was GREAT. There is a beautiful waterfall outside that is really amazing. But seriously next door at the Venetian is a pizza place called Trattoria Reggiano it is half the price and tastes amazing.
They'll deliver a burrito - that's cool. The burritos are essentially drunk food, lots of protein and not that exotic, but they fill you up.More than one of their delivery guys have given me desperate phone calls, asking where my house is cause it's dark (after over an hour of waiting). They pay no attention to "hold the onions" either - again, based on repeated experiences. Ahh Willy street hippies....
OMG can you say food overload? Yes thats what you get here.We all came here after playing the daily slot tournament and waiting for the results of the winners (one of us did win the $500!) we found this place in the Imperial Palace and decided to take a break and get some food.  Well thats an understatement! The portions are HUGE and everything was s fresh and yummy.  Its a comfort food joint for sure.  Our lunch consisted of 3 different burgers and one Quesadilla.  The burgers are "stuffed" you choose the items you want inside and they pout between the two patties.  One of us had the bacon and mashed potato stuffed burger, one was mushrooms and swiss, and the other bacon, cheddar and avocado.  Only one of us was able to finish the whole burger the other two of us saved 1/2 for dinner.  The Quesadilla was huge and over flowing and resting on a bed of mashed potatoes which I was told were amazing.  The side of Macaroni and Cheese was said to be the best Mac and Cheese every tasted by 3 in the party so creamy and cheesy it was the ultimate comfort food to drown our gambling losses! LOL  I recommend this gem which is on the second floor inside Imperial Palace and a reasonable priced place considering the quantity and quality of food you receive. Especially compared to the rest of the places on the strip that leave you broke AND disappointed. Only this that would make this place perfect is to get some cell service inside....No AT&T service at all in the restaurant, so if you have others who are gambling or trying to find you, your off the grid in here.....which could be a good thing, you can concentrate on the food-gazm your gonna have!
Ate here on 12/12. The wife got the CARAMEL ALL OVER MY MOCHA very good and big! I got the SMORES COFFEE drink. Very good. It had marshmallow fluff that was torched and served with graham crackers and lots of chocolate sauce. We shared the MAN VS FOOD favorite SAGE CHICKEN BENEDICT! Very good and plenty of food for 2. Service was great as well.
If you haven't done so already, you'll have to try the Kobe Burger! May sound gross, but ordered the beef medium-rare and it was so moist! My husband and I have become regulars this past year and have been treated GREAT by Nate! Go Nate! :) Coleslaw is pretty amazing too!
My dad held his wedding reception here at one of their private rooms, and it was a great time. We had a three course meal (then cake later on) including appetizers of  lots and lots of awesome guacamole and veggie and meat quesadillas, followed by some salads, and then followed by the main course of steak and chicken fajitas mmmmmTheir drinks are good too, but a bit on the pricey side (around $7 for a small margarita!) I figured when you're in vegas, everything is expensive anyway. But our waitress was really cool and the catering manager, Kori, was tremendously helpful. They both came to our room often to make sure we were ok.I definitely plan on coming back here with friends and trying that tequila tasting!
This is my new sushi AYCE place.I ate here 4 times just in 2 month.only $17.95 for luch, $20.95 for dinner.their rolls are so good and fresh.- If you like soft shell crab or sweat sauce try their starbucks roll. - If you like spicy, try die hard! chef will give you choice of the suace 1 to 5 - If you are fan of rainbow roll, try candycane roll you will like it.- If you cannot eat sushi,they have big appetizer menu like Korean bulbogi, salmon kama, teriyaki, mushroom cap, ramen, tempura, and baked mussels (what I liked about their mussel is that they don't put too much sauce like other restaurents so you can taste actual mussel not the yum and eel sauce.)If you like to add nigiri, it is extra $4 for nigiri all U can eat.I had uni, amaebi, Ikura with quail egg, yellotail, garlic tuna, and salmon sushi and everything was so fresh. The service was GREAT too.the waitress refilled my beverage frequently, checked if everything was ok in our table.
In a cafe the tables really mean a lot to me. In fact a cafe with a table I love gets four stars just for the table. This cafe had my all time favorite table so far in all my cafe adventures. I just loved it. This big round white table. We even got to sit around it with the owners themselves who treated us beautifully.Do you think that your experience in a place is partly BECAUSE of the place? I mean I really enjoyed the people I was visiting with and our conversation was rich but I still wonder that the place itself contributed to it being an excellent experience. I think so.
I have never had a bad meal here, and my boyfriend and I have eaten here several times.Service is prompt and smiling, food is moderately priced and very tasty, and the decor skates on the edge of cheese with élan. A surprisingly nice interior for the unprepossessing entranceway. I recommend eating inside even if they've opened up the front, as the stretch of street the restaurant fronts on is not the most picturesque -- and the inside is.
Good food and good view.  Ok service.
Two months ago I would have given Merchant two stars. The menu read like a United Colors of Benetton billboard crammed with Thai, Mexican, Indian and good ole fashioned American. There was a note about chefs shopping the farmer's market for what was in season which apparently meant more flavors from across the globe than MJ's Heal the World video. A cornucopia of flavors that was really hard to read and make sense of. Bartenders were green and pulled out little black books to remember cocktails they themselves created. It was a mess.BUT, I'm happy to report the times they are a changing! Merchant was AB FAB tonight, so much so that I was crafting a review in my head while I was eating (rare that I mix work with pleasure). Get the mussels. TOMORROW. They're in a creamier broth than I typically prefer but tasty nonetheless. Served with a garlic rubbed bread it's a perfect way to start your evening, especially if you plan to share some stuff with friends and need a little nosh early on. I also recommend you get the patatas bravas, a more American take on a classic Spanish tapas, but flavorful for a potato. Hangar steak tonight was a little overcooked for my tastes, but it had great char and a nice flavor, albeit a little less pink than I prefer. We subbed the taters out for frites and couldn't believe how long they stayed warm in the middle. I hate... HAAAATE cold frites, even luke warm frites, so whatever these guys are doing to 'em rawks, they're magic frites. Super awesome. Any place that freshly squeezes their juice ranks high in my book, and these guys are doing it with grapefruits, even though it's 2 bucks a pop at the store right now. (Makes me think they won't cut corners when prices rise). Bar area was slammed so service was a little slower, but I didn't have anywhere to go so it didn't matter. Know that when they have music there are usually killer tap specials, so the place will fill up. Grab seats early like we did and don't be afraid to get all up in someone's face. I did at one point and at the end of the night the bartender helping us out said thanks for being patient and flagging him down when we wanted. All in all, this place is miles better than when I was there over the summer. If you haven't been recently give them another try, and as soon as I get back there and try more of their concise and easier to read menu, I'll let you know how it goes!
Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas. It wouldn't be a stretch to consider this place one of the best overall restaurants in Las Vegas either. You see, this place isn't your traditional Vegas value buffet (think Griswold's Vegas Vacation). No, these guys serve quality dishes with superior ingredients. The dishes look attractive too. I loved the southern fried chicken served in a mini fry basket. The various Chinese dishes served mini Chinese take-out boxes were cool too. The Korean short ribs and the shrimp and grits are both must tries. You can't get bone marrow at your local Golden Corral ether. Again, get the traditional "buffet" picture out of your head! This is high quality stuff served to satisfy your appetite and then some. Be sure to hit up the dessert bar afterwards. The chocolate covered strawberries and french macarons were very rich and flavorful!Highlights:Beef short ribsCrab legs Shrimp and gritsSouthern fried chickenPrime ribDessert bar!
Tooooo disappointed..... I was want to give three Starnes it was not that bad but there are many five star and I really want ppl know what's going on now...When they grand opening, was $23/person. It was so good!!! Nice steak, salmon, crap, also outstanding desert ..... Around two years after, I went it again, as it was my #1 choice. $35 (around) per person. No more salmon available but smoked salmon.... It still ok, as it has great desert..... Ok.... I went there last Saturday for $44 with tax per person with my friend, who never been to Vegas . He asked me why u love this buffet ad it's below average..... I would rather find a hold.... There only a smoked salmon Pizza... Poor quality steak and desert was not like before... There is no point I should go back there! Very disappointed me! It's not only I pay over 40 for a dinner, it was like destroy my dream.... I will never go to any buffet at Vegas... The $20 buffet at Rowland heights is better than this! I have question for the management, why you do this? Because you have pretty good rate at yelp? You are destroying yourself!
This place is usually pretty good. Nice beer selection. Food is pretty good . Not too fancy but definitely good
very very tasty pizza, expensive yes but i enjoyed every bite :]  .. still not as good as original grimaldis in Brooklyn but close enough.
The food they serve is made to order, so it takes a little longer than most "fast food" burger joints.  Not to worry..  It's well worth the wait.I've eaten here a handful of times.  They are pretty consistent with their service and their food.  This weekend, I ordered via the drive-thru window, and when I got home, my fries were still crunchy.  That's always a plus for me.
Finally, I found pizza done right!  I have eaten a half dozen pizzas on the last six months that have been sub-par at best!  Unfortunately, 8.5 miles away but in the neighborhood of my new doc so, I will be back!!!!
Great service and good food. The atmosphere left something to be desired, as well as the late 90's pop music, but nothing that would keep us from coming back. We will definitely be back next time we are in town.The 'hot' definitely took a bite out of my mother-in-law who likes spicy food. They also have a 'thai hot' that should really get you. We found the food rich and flavorful unlike some places where the flavors are watered down. We enjoyed the spring rolls, tom kha soup (chicken), curry noodles (chicken), garlic saute (chicken), and thai iced tea. All were excellent.
I'm not going to be redundant with pictures or descriptions of our delicious crepes.  Let me just say that it is worth a drive from the strip and I consider it a bargain for the quality and yumminess.  The owner was VERY friendly and made it a point to visit with every patron.  It was a really outstanding visit and I will be going back when in Vegas again!
Thanks to a Google Offer that was expiring on Thursday, I made it a point to stop at the Beer Hive.  After a long day of work I was looking for some good refreshment and relaxation.We arrived about 5:40p, just ahead of everyone else fortunately.  Got one of the tables on the main floor and our waitress promptly stopped over with menus and requests for drinks.  There was a nice chalkboard full of the craft brews on tap but I wanted to see how the staff would handle suggestions.  Without just touting a selected brew our waitress skillfully asked about preferences and current likes/dislikes.  She then made a couple of suggestions which really hit the mark.  I had an Atwater Conniption Fit, double IPA which was very good.  My son had a Draai Laag Aureus which he enjoyed.  We ordered Pretzel apps that came with a nice house made honey mustard dip.  For dinner my son had the BELT, Bacon, Egg, Lettuce, Tomato which was quite tasty and I had the pulled pork Taquitos.  Great sauces and flavor.The atmosphere was excellent for an after work hang out and grabbing a bite to eat.  Plenty of screens to watch multiple events and a good, up to date juke.I look forward to hitting this spot again.
be prepared for over seasoned and over cooked lobster..... Watery lobster bisque and flavorless bread. 40$ of nothing. Totally disappointed. Who puts oregano in a lobster roll?
While the food was super tasty, we received it in this order: entrees, drinks, chips & salsa. The waitress didn't even seem to understand that this was a problem nor did she explain why it was happening (well, they had to go buy ice for the drinks, that was the holdup there). While there was only one other table in the restaurant, she completely forgot about us after dropping the check and let us sit with it for over 20 minutes. I wish their service matched their tasty food and drinks!
This place is always good and the hibachi is such a good deal. Chefs are always friendly and entertaining
Hyde is a place where money hungry women go to and guys who act like they have money go to. This was my first time going out tonight to this place and like the other light group location this was no different. Me and my friends came cause we had a table with other friends there and they took forever letting us in even though we were already part of a table. It's a shame when you see host letting other people in before you cause they know them.  What is the nightlife on Vegas coming to. Vegas night clubs really don't know the meaning of customer service. So so so sad. I heard about this lace and wanted to see what was so good about it. But to tell you nothing is good. It's to small,  and the service is horrible. A lot of beautiful women with no brains. Lol. The host at the front, well some of them are ignorant and really don't know there job. Once we finally got in I was disappointed how the place was set up. The dance floor was like the size of my living room. There are more tables and no place to dance. The structure of the place is horrible when going to the bathroom also. Too crowded for this place. It's funny to cause after I said I was giving this place a bad review while in line that's when they got us in. Sorry to late. My review is still bad. Nightclubs need to realize you are to make sure people have a good time and not worrying about when they are going to get in. This was my first and last time coming back to this place.
So i recieved a text that my old roomate was working there.  She told me I had to stop in.  We were seated rather quickly and the waitress even turned the knicks game on for us.  As my friend and I must try to the wings everywhere, we didn't stop here. We did 6 Po Po wings and 6 jamiacan jerk.  Can I say the Po Po wings are the best wings I have ever eaten in Charlotte?  Well screw you I just did boom!  The jamiacan weren't that bad either as they didnt have that over chivey taste.  Unfortunately we both ordered the brisket ( i would have liked to see another entree), but it worked out in a way.  The sweet potato fries were amazing and the brisket was cooked very well.  We marveled at how well the brisket was.  The only problem I had was the suace was a little too tangy, but my friend thought it was great.  To each their own I guess.  The price wasn't too bad and this will def be a place i repeat.  The only problem I had was parking as there was no parking on any roads that day.
Very speedy service and a well-made sandwich. I'm frequently in the Burgh for work and my office is super close to here. Most days, I try and do a "working lunch".I can get a tasty, healthy and filling meal here for cheap - in and out of the store in (at the absolute most) 10 minutes.For what I'm looking for, this is as good as it gets.
Where to start...my bf and I went on Father's Day. We were told up front things would be awhile but did they not get the memo they were working a busy Sunday holiday? Unfortunately our waiter was embarrassingly terrible he was nice but he clearly did not care he was messing up our order and just about any table near us. We were patient but he literally messed up everything from start to finish. He forgot to give a soda to my bf, didn't charge me for the coffee I did order (which fine w me!) but the food took wayyy too long and they brought me the wrong thing. They also forgot the one egg I ordered then when I asked they brought me too (again a mistake they made in my favor...sweet) I ended up sending back the incorrect order and at that point I was so hungry and over the place I just asked for a muffin. It was dry and disappointing. The check took forever to get too. Would not recommend and never going back. Dottie's is a hot mess.
The food here is bomb just don't go around lunch time during weekdays, not only is it crowded but they rush and end up ruining your food. Also today the lady tried to charge me 15$ for 3 beef tacos and a side of rice which is usually 8.50$ or something. Really good at anytime but not from 11-3 on weekdays.
Second visit!  We couldn't wait to get back here since discovering it on our trip to Scorrsdale last year!  We actually almost ordered the same thing again, since it was so delicious last year.  We started with the in-house made pretzel and cheese dip, and I had a Chimay Cinq Cents and my wife ordered the Wethenstephan hefe since she likes lighter beers.  Both were miraculous to me!  We then followed up with ordering the refinedReviews flight, three mini sliders on buns including the Haus refinedReviews, topped with sauerkraut, the spicy refinedReviews topped with root beer sauteed onions, and the sweet refinedReviews topped with spicy red peppers.  Add one of the many choices of mustards in the six pack we had on our table, and you have perfection!  The flight included 4 oz. beers to accompany each slider, and all were perfect pairings.  The bartender Judy had the dining room and bar all to herself and she was friendly, warm and attentive and it was amazing to watch her multi-task.  One again a visit to the Brat Haus was a highlight of our vacation and since we are staying in the area for two weeks once again, we will probably be back next week!  So different and fun with all of the beer and refinedReviews choices!  We went early so parking on the street was easy.  (Last year we had a hike going later at night and had to park around the corner illegally 8-})
I really like this buffet! I'm not a buffet person but I think this is the one to go to when in Vegas. It is best to go on a weekday and early. I wanted to try their breakfast/lunch. We went on a Thursday around 9:30 and waited about 20 minutes.I LOVED the Asian bar. It is situated in the far back. Don't miss it. My favorites are Shanghai dumplings, dim sum (Hai Gow, Shumai), thousand year old egg congee (yummy), ramen, pho, wonton noodles, udon, fried rice, lo mein, eggrolls, potstickers, and many more... I know it is legit because the cooks were all speaking Cantonese. However, the Shanghai dumplings could be better if the skin was a little thinner. It is fine for a Vegas buffet.Some other dishes to try is the croque madame and the fried chicken and waffles. YUMMY! I am glad most of the dishes are portion control. That helps me not eat so much but I end up getting up often to grab more. So I don't know how that helps... I still ate a lot. We stayed until they transitioned to lunch. We had a few pasta dishes and pizza. Not impressed. I think I am sticking with the Asian bar with the all-you-can-eat dim sum. This buffet really impressed me!!!
I got the carne asada tacos and they were pretty tasty plus they had a great selection of tequilas.
We stopped by for lunch on a late Saturday afternoon. It was still a little busy from it being opening week, so there was a bit of a line. The staff was quick though, so the wait wasn't too long.The decor is like every other Cafe Rio out there. Vibrant and friendly. A comfortable fun place to have a meal.The staff is fast and friendly. The menu takes a little getting used too, but the staff are helpful.We ordered a sweet pork barbacoa enchilada plate and a sweet pork barbacoa burrito plate. Both with mild sauce. The food was delicious. It was hard to stop eating my burrito even after I knew I had eaten too much. The burrito plate is large and could feed two people (maybe).We will definitely be back (repeatedly) to try out all of the other dishes.
Great service and prices are low!
Delicioso!! New restaurant. The flavors of south america in one place. The restaurant work as buffet. My favorite is the chicken a la brasa!! Uhhhh muy rico.
Had to send the food back because it was cold, however the manager was extremely helpful.  The Forrest Gump trivia was funny, so brush up on your Forrest Gump trivia.  I didn't realize I know so much about the movie.
I was a lil disappointed upon arriving to see that this place was so tiny (I was asked to meet someone for lunch) because I was told it "was the best pizza in Az." However after ordering and devouring my half of our made to order pizza I must say its one of the best I've had and will definitely be back!
We were looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in Scottsdale and found this place on Yelp. I ordered the fish tacos as and hubby ordered calamari and chips. The two tacos are way too much food for one person, they serve them on two plates for sharing. So we split both meals. everything was excellent. We even got to meet the owner who was going from table to table greeting everyone and making sure the food was good. We are in Scottsdale for a few days and at hoping to get back there before we leave.
what a beautiful room and for the price it was more than expected food was awesome the prime rib is to die for. the breakfast is great the game playing area is always busy and full so plan on having Patience beers are 1.00 enjoy this place is the hit close to the strip and a lot of places to eat at .....loved it cant wait to return soon....Phil C
Came here for lunch to try out before my next appointment. As some reviews had mentioned, it was like a hawaiian Chipotle. Step 1 - choose one -  burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos - Step 2 - choose one - meat (chicken, pig, steak, fish, veggies)Step 3 - choose any - seaweed rice OR brown rice, black beans, and grilled veggiesStep 4 - choose one- charged pineapple verde, mango & roasted corn, tomato w/ grilled maui onionsStep 5 - choose any - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts, habenero, lava chipsMy combination was a burrito with the huli huli chicken, seaweed rice, black beans, mango & roasted corn, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno. It was $6.95 + tax .. pretty similar to chipotle in pricing but a different taste. To be honest, i thought flavor wasnt really there. It was quite plain. The only thing that really STOOD out was the jalepeno. Surprisingly spicy despite a lot of other places with jalepenos werent really spicy lately. Aside from that, not much flavor in the chicken, not the mango and roasted corn salsa. Was expecting maybe bright flavors from the mango and corn but not really o.O Heard it may be because they are opening another location in the north side and the owner wasn't there for QC? thats kind of bad if quality is only kept up when managed.... May give it another try but with first experience... eh Lol
A little confusing for the first trip, but nice after you figure out the ordering system. Been here twice so far. Sandwiches are good.  Definitely try the brownie if you like sweets.
Being a big fan of pad thai, I just had to try this restaurant on 35th Avenue near  Northern which was near my old stomping grounds. I found their pad thai to be well-seasoned though a bit less dry ("dry" being a preferred style for some pad thai aficionados), and without the cloying sweetness found in this dish when served in some Thai restaurants. Plus, the serving is more generous than in several of the Thai eateries I've tried.The restaurant is modest and the seats in the booths are well-worn but serviceable. Service is friendly and the food relatively inexpensive.
We just had lunch here and the food is AMAZING!The bread was deliciousMeatballs were really flavorfulPizza was excellentBaked Pasta ( Lasagna) was to die for!Chocolate Tiramisu was heavenlyOrange Mio Espresso was the best way to top off the mealMake reservations and go!Don't forget to hit the photobooth before you leave. It is quite hidden by the front desk.
