I accidentally scheduled a reservation at LaVecchia during restaurant week, which frankly could have been a recipe for disaster.  As I'm new to town, I wound up looking for it at the old location.  The hostess, sweetheart that she was, told me she'd meet me in the lobby of the new building to make sure we found it.I'm sure the comments previous to mine related to service are valid.   However, that was not the case for me.  We got two differing copies of the restaurant week menus, and our server merely looked at them briefly before telling us to order whatever we'd like off of either and she'd handle it.  They were also out of the wine we ordered, and she brought us a better bottle and charged us the less expensive price.  She was attentive but not intrusive throughout and more or less fell all over herself to make sure we knew how much she appreciated we were understanding of the "mistakes".  It's rare for a waiter to go so above and beyond to make sure I'm happy.The food- decent for upscale.  I had calamari (average) and a ribeye that was cooked exactly like a medium-rare steak should be.  My dining partner had tilapia, and I will not judge a restaurant based on the presentation of that boring ass fish.  It tasted like almond crust and an appealing chili relish.The service along merited a return trip.  I'm looking forward to seeing if the seafood merits the rating.
I love pizza, and I love the Brooklyn here. Sausage and basil are a beautiful combination atop the thin crust, tomato sauce, and mozzarella substrate. All the pies are excellent actually, monstrous calzones, and salad too. It's not five star because I just don't think they were going for that sort of thing, it certainly won't break your bank with under $7 lunch specials and average priced pizzas. Possibly better than actual New York pizza, but I'll leave that up for debate.
I used to like their foodHonestly.It was my one year anniversary.Me and me man went here to celebrateI had a lobster tailAnd a filetOn the way home, I got violently illLike, within ten minutes of leaving this place.And no, I only had a few glasses of champagne :)I ended up going home, and laying on the floor for awhile crying, moaning, vomiting, etcAfter about an hour, I couldn't take it anymoreI called 911The paramedics showed up, I was naked and crying on the floor.It was a VERY romantic anniversary, let me tell you.After a long night at Scottsdale Osborn hospital, it was determined that the lobster tail was undercooked/tainted and made me severly ill.I'll never eat here again.Simply because I've never been so sick.It's a shame though, because on the way down, the lobster tail had these cajun seasonings and really was exceptionally delicious.HOWEVERI contacted Ruths Chris and they refunded my dinner amount, paid my hospital copay, and were SOOO nice and accomodating to my every demand.  Bravo.Although, Boo for almost killing me.Eh, I'm torn.
I have lived here since 1984 and this was the first place I ever ate in Arizona as a 5 year old. I keep coming back for more over and over again. I crave it constantly! I get the simple cheese enchilada with rice and beans and it's super hot on a hot plate every time and still tastes the same after all these years. Best salsa/chips you will every have as well. Massive drinks is always a bonus. Not giving it 5 stars due to the inside not have been touched in probably 30 years. Needs to be updated a tad, but other than that...food wise, it's my favorite mexican food in AZ. :)
I chose to have a happy hour snack here a couple of days ago. It had been a while since I was a patron here, and some hummus sounded amazing at the time. And, as always, the hummus (all 3) was excellent. I opted to sit on the patio overlooking the lake that sits just across a small patch of grass and a concrete pathway. "How did this pond get here?" I thought for just a moment...then decided I didn't care because my black bean burger was being brought out to me.The service is almost always amazing. The guest ducks, unfortunately, have been trained by those with lesser wills to beg table-side for some scraps from your plate, and subsequently crap all over the dining area floor. All I hear from the white duck is 'quack quack!', which I assume in duckinese means 'more hummus', but I can't be too sure. I don't even know Spanish. Other than the pandering ducks, my experience here was very good again. Looking forward to the next visit!
This is a perennial favorite of my husband and I. We love the atmosphere, the food, drinks and juicy slabs of beef we can choose from. Their patio also has a nice vibe to it when the weather cools off some, the fireplace prevents things from getting too chilly during our short fall and winter seasons. My favorite has always been the prime rib, medium rare almost to the outer edges with a generous helping of horseradish and au jus. I also can't eat here without the Mushrooms Neptune. We each get an order to avoid sharing.
I love Liberty Market. I grew up in Gilbert and remember when this was a small grocery store. I've been wanting to check this place out since the conversion and I'm so glad I finally stopped by. It was perfect. This place just feels like home. Casual, but warm. When we walked in my friend and I were lost and didn't know where to start. Luckily one of the staff quickly handed us menus and told us where to order. I had a couple of caramel iced lattes and the Liberty Bowl. I loved both. The Liberty Bowl came with 4 big meatballs in marinara sauce and and two slices of toasted bread. It was so hard narrowing down my choice because there were so many delicious looking items on the menu and the baked goods display kept calling my name, but I resisted. Next time I think I'll just give in and have a slice of red velvet or carrot cake, or a cup cake or a slice of zucchini bread or a sticky bun. So much to choose from. I would love to come back here and have a coffee and sit and enjoy the atmosphere at the espresso bar. Loved all the different themes in the bathroom stalls. You have to check each one out. Joe was there and stopped by each table to see how everyone was doing. We spent so much time here chatting and catching up. It's a great place to come and hang out. I will be back soon.
What a breath of fresh air! Finally, a market concept done RIGHT! Awesome branding, excellent design, friendly staff. I felt so at home! The food was amazing: fresh deli turkey, cranberry, Brie with a light tang of horseradish. And the sweet potato salad was a great new try. I love how every detail was addressed: well, but not oversized coffee mugs, great china, even the beverage station had the perfect set of utensils for my self-service coffee. One critique would be breakfast. It ends at 11a on weekdays and 1p on weekends. As an avid breakfast all-day advocate, this disappoints me. Think about extending those hours! LGO did it with great success. Overall, HUGE fan. If you haven't gone, check it out!!
Lali J. and I took a road trip to Tokyo Lobby last night. We'd heard about it through excellent reviews in the New Times and the Republic (a positive review in the Republic is often a neon sign that says "stay away," but we decided to risk it). As a transplanted New Yorker/San Franciscan/Los Angeleno, I have to say Tokyo Lobby has been my favorite sushi experience in the valley. If you're used to Ra or any of the other McSushi places, it's worth the schlep up to North Glendale (which is almost as far as the Yukon from where we live) to check this place out.T.L. is a small, 10 table joint, but it's crowded in a vibrant, fun way. Service is fast and friendly. It's in a strip mall, but if you keep your eyes left of center as you approach from the parking lot, you won't see the WalMart on your right. The usual/traditional suspects are brilliant -- stunning unagi, maguro, tobiko, etc. The sides and appetizers were fab, too: great seaweed salad and gyoza. Tokyo Lobby is creative with the specialty rolls -- the Marilyn Mon-Roll (not kidding) was terrific: a spicy tuna roll wrapped in albacore with an elegant topping of crispy/crunchy onion.There's also a full menu of earthbound flesh and assorted other goodies. Everything looked great. Really -- check this place out!
The service was excellent (maybe because I went when there weren't that many people there. The food was AMAZING! I had the veal raviolli. It didn't taste gamey at all, and the sauce was amazing. i love this place!
Pros: Great environment. Open 24/7 . Great phó. Phone orders easy to go . The red been dessert is awesome! Over all good prices.Cons: hit or miss with the staff. Sometimes I feel rushed .
Last week - I dropped by the Aloha Kitchen and Bar for lunch. Had high hopes that this would be a location that would come close to being like the food I love and miss when I'm back home on the islands. However - I've learned to live with disappointment in life and my visit here was just another added to that list. The dining area is nice - somewhat clean, open and modern(ish) compared to other "local" style restaurants I've been to. The names of the dishes were promising and the prices seemed in line with the portion sizes I had seen on people's tables as I waited to place my order. I was coming down with a cold so I wanted saimin - even with it being in the 90's and humid which they don't serve. A Hawaiian style restaurant that doesn't serve saimin - odd. Even fast food joints in Hawaii serve saimin.  At least they serve fried saimin. So, I settled for that. Too much vegetables which normally isn't a bad thing however, after a few bites, I started to separate the cabbage and celery. Sorted thru and picked out the minced meat and noodles and with the leftover vegetables, it looked like I hadn't made a dent in the plate. I also chose a side of macaroni salad. Ugh. All I'm going to say is that I have to wonder if the cooks have ever been to the islands. Either that or the cooks have started tayloring their dishes to the tastes of people who haven't been either. Or maybe, I didn't choose the right dishes that they specialize in ... whatever the case, I didn't like what I ordered and I doubt I'll be back any time soon.
I love this place. It's easily one of my favorite restaurants in town.The ambiance is great - this is a beautiful restaurant. It's a very intimate setting and is a great spot for a romantic date night. But it still manages to maintain a simplistic charm. The food is absolutely delicious. I usually get the salmon, and recommend it wholeheartedly. The wine list is extensive and the service is wonderful. No complaints.
Went during lunch over the weekend, and it was easily one of the very best Indian buffets I've had a chance to eat at.  The spinach and mushroom dish was delicious, as were all of the vegetarian options here.  Whereas it doesn't seem a major thing, the condiment bar; chutneys, raita, kheer, etc, was one of the most complete I've seen.Will head there again.
the discovery of this place in 2004 forever changed my tastebuds.  since it's closed now, i can finally review based on the store when it first opened and i fell in love with it, and not after the shady change in business owners where i boycotted the last year or so anyway.$5 for delicious plates of dumplings, either beef or potato, either butter or spicy.  i always got spicy half and half (half potato, half beef), never with sour cream tho cuz i don't like the stuff.  just 1 extra dollar for a soda and it was among the cheapest, most filling dinners in town.  as a campus "safewalker," i stopped here nearly every night i worked for my dinner.before they closed, i bought up several orders for freezing (which they let you do), and rationed them out for months after their closing.  they let me in on the secret for the spicy toppings.~butter~a little rice wine vinegar~cilantro~curry powder~srirachatop that with a piece of pumpernickel, and you have nothing short of pure magic.  5 years later i still have dreams about this place, and once even tried requesting a pel meni mold for my birthday (still waiting on one of those - HINT HINT people)!when i moved to boston, i was thrilled to find a russian grocery store that had frozen pel meni.  tho i have tried both their packaged and their home-made varieties, nothing has come close to the madison gem.original pel meni genious  - if you're reading, please PLEASE come to boston!  i will eat dinner at your store and bring throngs to this mecca - just please make this dream a reality!  i suppose i'd settle on just learning your pel meni recipe if nothing else...
Went there for brunch yesterday (Sat) ... two words, stay away!Yes, the owners look friendly ... but if its good Indian food you're looking for, Taj is a big let down. The brunch menu was sparse, most dishes watered down (tasted nothing like they should), food didn't taste fresh & to make it worse - my glass of water had stuff floating in it.
Working in the Capitol area for 15 years, La Canasta Capitolio is a must. There are very few places to eat near the Capitol, but La Canasta not only provides a place for a bite to eat, but some good food as well. I don't like veggies, so I generally stick to the red chili beef burrito, which is very good.  Prices are reasonable, too. I think their main business comes from the government workers in the area, and lot's of police and fifi's (firefighters).  If the PD and fifi's eat there, it must be good.  Free chips and salsa (very GOOD salsa) is a definite plus! Also, I've heard their breakfast burrito's are excellent.
I was visiting Arizona from New York & came here to celebrate my dear friends birthday. We also came to see another friend perform with his band. The ambience is great. The bartenders are all very handsome guys & really gorgeous "pin up" girl looking ladies. I am not a wine drinker. I love wine but I get the bubble guts when I drink it (yeah, i know TMI). Anyway, it was very intimidating to hear that we were going to a wine bar. However, the waitress was super sweet & accomadating. They actually recreated a drink for me called a "cherry bomb" that I had at Blue Wasabi which is my new favorite drink. Of course, it wasn't exactly the same but it was still pretty good. I was really impressed with the fact that the waitress went out of her way to get me something that I could drink. She even stopped me at one point & said " I feel like you are not happy. I really want to make you happy". That was so super sweet of her & I gave her a very good tip for all of her efforts.I didn't try the food.The great bartenders & waitresses & live band are worth seeing. It ia a bit pricey so be prepared to spend some money. Also, the entrance is in the back of the club so it is hard to find it. Thank God my friend came out to get us.I will definitely be back in the future if time permits it.
I am sitting here as I type this.  My wife, her parents and I were visiting from out of town and decided to drop by an "Italian deli" for lunch.  Firstly this place is closer to a deli you'd find on New York rather than one in Italy.  In line, I heard two people order fettuccine Alfredo for lunch... So, here's our order:  one prosciutto sandwich (one if the few Italian items on the menu),  one Italian sausage sandwich, one portobello sandwich and one cheese panini.  While I was ordering,  the cashier ( the owner) kept giving me an odd look...like "who do you think you ordering here?"  I also got a beer which was on display.  When I asked for it,  he didn't know what it was so I had to show him the bottle.  Also, the request to have a double espresso and tea made later seemed to give him and an associate all kinds of inconvenience.  Here's what we got:The prosciutto sandwich was good albeit a bit greasy.The Italian sausage sandwich was OK.The portobello sandwich NEVER arrived.  Instead we got another half of a sausage sandwich.  When I told this to the server, he said "If you want portobello I'll make you one."  No apologies no cares.   When it finally came out, it was bad.The cheese panini (which had bacon in it!) was nasty.When I went to ask for a knife,  the owner said that they should be out by the soda machine.  I informed him they were not.  He screamed for 'Ernesto to bring out the knives" and told me "the should be out soon, I THINK".  Also got first apology of the day.The espresso was atrocious.  It's beyond words how bad it is.   Really awful. Seriously.Finally,  to add injury to insult, we were overcharged 50c .  This was explained as a computer error.  We got the money back.Will NEVER return.
a friend of our's found this place on Yelp, saying it was the #2 rated restaurant so we had to give it a try since it was close to where we live. It's in a strip mall and I would never have expected a restaurant like this to exist here. The ambiance and decor is nice. They have a pri fix menu for $55 which includes 1 entree and 2 something else (appetizer, salad, or dessert). Our favorite appetizer was the bbq shrimp ( they told us it was a signature dish). The steak was the favorite for the entree and for dessert, the coconut bread pudding tasted exactly like a warm almond joy. YUMM, this place also gave out little extra desserts at the end ( mint chocololate, peanut butter balls, and lemon thing) That's a nice touch to end the meal. The service was impeccable, almost better than any on the strip restaurant. Great restaurant!
Before eating at Hikari, I have tried only two other all you can eat sushi joints. Todai in Honolulu, and Midori sushi in Los Angeles. In a fight between the 3 I think Hikari wins hands down. I had 4 pieces of hamachi, 4 uni, 4 salmon, 2 garlic tuna, 2 ikura, 1 tamago, and shrimp tempura... It must have been a good catch they had come in because everything was fresh and melt in your mouth buttery. The rice was really good too!With a ratio of 5 to 1 I think the chef had a really good memory for the amount of orders he had to deal with too.I will definitely be back when I go Vegas again... I may even write another review; Regardless of the fact that reminiscing of the food creates so much hunger pain.
I love this place! The bakery is in the front. But walk down the aisle on the side of the bakery and you will discover a restaurant. A trattoria. Sit down. Relax. Order a pizza. A dish of pasta. Or a cup of coffee to dip your biscotti in. Everything mixes and matches in the back. Ask for Larry- the owner!
The Atmosphere was pretty nice when we first stepped in. They accommodated to our party of ten in a reasonable time. Upon seating we ordered our drinks and a few bottles of $10 wine. The catch is that you have to order $10 of food in order to take advantage of the deal. Then the wait began. The food took what seemed like forever and a day, I was thinking about eating the slice of lemon in my water  to stave the hunger. However, when it finally came I was surprised at the portions of some of the meals. I ordered fish tacos and what came out did not resemble anything like a taco. It was a bunch of ingredients thrown onto a tortilla and that was it. I've had better attempts of fish tacos at Rubio's. This was a true testament that sometimes it's better to get quality then quantity. We had dessert of S'mores and that was probably their only saving grace. Although it's nothing more than your normal ingredients, but the fact that they served it there made the end a little more tolerable.
Well, if I recall correctly, there's three types of beef burgers, a few choices of bread, a few types of fries  and a few beer on tap, but one bartendress that made us come back more than once. What friendly service. :)Also, I was eating too much expensive food and needed to get back to earth and not be too addicted to Vegas. The bartendress looked like a trained dancer, I wished I remembered to ask her. Which reminds me, there is a whole lot of trained theater dancers in Vegas. Five stars for that.
3 and 1/2 stars.  It's a build a burger type restaurant, named #2 burger joint in Las Vegas.  You pick your type of burger meat including kobe, sustainable, sirloin, etc and other including veggie patty, salmon, turkey, etc.  Then you can pick your bun - onion, sesame, whole wheat, ciabatta, etc, cheeses - pepperjack, swiss, american, cheddar, etc, and fixings:  lobster, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, etc, sauces - truffle, shallot reduction, etc.Some burgers are already built for you and you got your schmancy ones including a $60 truffle burger, Lobster/asparagus burger, etc.Pick your side of fries:  Skinny, steak, sweet potato.First time here I picked the lobster burger which was pretty tasty, but I don't remember too much about it.Second time I ordered a sustainable on wheat w/swiss cheese and shallot reduction.. honestly, patty didn't have much flavor, and the sauce didn't either so my burger tasted pretty bland.  Good selection of beers and small TV for each booth.  While the prices for a typical burger isn't through the roof, (around $20) your best bet if you're pinching your wallet would be the slider appetizer, three cute sliders w/fries for only $12.95.
Whether it's just for a couple appetizers, a lite lunch or for a full dinner, Mesa Grill is always a great choice.The menu has a vast array of Southwestern flavored dishes and there should be something on the menu for everyone. We have eaten there on several times and have yet to be disappointed. The service is very attentive and professional and simply add to the enjoyment of your meal.The restaurant is located right in the heart of Caesars Palace, so its a great place to enjoy a meal and then go catch a show or enjoy some gaming. Definitely worth checking out.
Restaurant Week Review I have to preface this review with, this is my first visit here and we came here specifically for restaurant week, the lunch menu.Original plan was to sit outside on the nice terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains, but the weather prevented us from doing that, so the hostess sat us next to the window, which was perfect. Our server suggested 2 of his favorite mixed drink specialties from the bar, I wish I could remember the names of them, they were so good.For my app I went with Crispy Lamb Riblets; Sweet Corn Raita, Lamb Reduction, Honeyed Yogurt, Micro Mint. This was delicious. And rather large for an app, it was perfectly cooked, a little crunch on the outside and tender on the inside. My friend ordered the Wild Mushroom Tart; Caramelized Onions, Herbed Imported Goat Cheese, Truffle Essence. This also was delicious, had the perefect amount of every ingredient.We both chose the same main course, Pacific Sole Milanese; Creamy Fava Bean Risotto, Garlicky Spinach, Lemon Caper Butter Emulsion, Shaved Fennel Insalata.  Right away I noticed it looked greasy, I think the combination of the Milanese with the caper butter emulsion made this dish very heavy and it covered the taste of the Sole. I kept having to drink water after every bite. I loved the risotto and spinach under the fish, so that's what I ended up eating. Dissapointed because I ended up not eating the fish.We both chose the same dessert as well, Tiramisu Cannoli; Cinnamon Spiced Cake, Espresso cream. This was a different twist on tiramsu, which is one of my favorite desserts. It had a good flavor, nothing spectacular.
Id give this 3 1/2 stars if it werent for the LONG lines and bitchy service staff. The price was fair and the quality and selection was pretty good. Waited 30 minutes in line at 1:30pm on a Monday for lunch. Tried to go to dinner at 6pm the night before but the line was out into the casino and although we didnt wait prob would have been at least 90 minutes or longer. At one point I went to scoop some gravy onto my plate but the only spoon in the gravy was slotted;/ so I borrowed the sppon next to it (which was not in gravy) and the man behind the sneeze glass came unglued!!! LOL he shouted "why you not ask me for different spoon? Now its all contaminated and I cannot serve!!!!" I apologized but suggested he wasnt standing there when I needed the spoon and its silly to put a slotted spoon in gravy but he wasnt listening and didnt care as he was too busy acting like an overdramatic little bitch. Salad was great, rotisserie chicken was great......decent prices for B, L & D (approx $15, $20, and $30). Be prepared to eat off schedule meals or wait in a long line.
Our crepe was awesomely delicious. And that's coming from someone who generally avoids junk food altogether. After the first bite my husband and I agreed we need to come back to La Creperie the next time we're in Vegas.
Great ambience and the dishes were solid.  Would have given add'l star if the service was kicked up a couple notches.  For a restaurant of this caliber, overall service experience was par at best.Marketing side note - lose the life-size cutout ads of Rick all over the place...pretty tacky.
As soon as I found out I would be traveling to Phoenix, I began looking up places to eat. Matt's Big Breakfast was the first thing to crank up my Yelpdar!B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- Probably the most reviewed/well known place in downtown Phoenix-- Featured on TV like everyone else said-- This newer location is a block further than the old (way bigger now!)-- Warm & welcoming ambience-- Friendly and attentive staff (seems like they have a system)-- I recommend coming early, only 6 tables @ 6:45am (Wed morning)-- Salami scramble was definitely unique but needed some cheese-- Potatoes had decent flavor (rosemary) but I wish I got hash browns-- Waffle was hot & fresh & syrup was high quality-- Sourdough toast was thick & good-- Strawberry preserves were delicious!-- The regular menu is very limited-- Staff recommends trying the specials-- Very sad I couldn't try the french toast, it's ONLY a special! :(Well I woke up super early because I didn't want to get stuck here and I had a meeting at 8am! I forgot that AZ is an hour ahead of CA. I woke up so tired and barely made it here at 6:45am. I walked from the Westin which was a healthy walk at 6 in the morning! I was a bit disappointed to find the old location but luckily I saw the new location was only a block further.I really like the feel and ambience of Matt's Big Breakfast (MBB). The wait staff were all ladies and they were all very friendly and attentive even at 6am! I was barely awake and I wasn't sure if I was going to come here again so I ended up ordering basically 2 dishes so I could try 2 things. My server loves the waffle so I had to get it. The special she also recommended but I'm just not a fan of apple sausage so I opted for the salami scramble. I'm from the San Francisco bay area so I'm almost accustomed to what MBB is doing with fresh, local ingredients. I applaud them for keeping their food quality so high but I wasn't uberly impressed because I'm sort of used to it. I expect to pay a decent amount of money for high quality food. I didn't feel like MBB was overpriced, I thought the prices were about right in my opinion.The waffle was above average and I could taste the quality of the syrup. I really wanted the french toast but it wasn't being offered. To me, if you're famous for french toast, you should offer it on your menu! Nevertheless, the waffle is a good alternative. The salami scramble was so unique and different. I've never had anything quite like it but I really wish they would have added some creamy cheese to smooth out the salami after taste. I think I added some ketchup or hot sauce to my potatoes and it helped balance the salami. If you like salami, I recommend. I probably wouldn't order again, I just was feeling adventurous. I was a bit surprised that the sourdough bread was so thick but it was still good. The preserves really enabled me to eat all of it otherwise it would been just too much bread for me.Clearly this place is living up to the hype as it is the number 1 rated place in downtown Phoenix. I didn't search further than that because I didn't have a rental car or anything. I would definitely recommend coming here and if I'm ever out here again, I hope that I can grab some of their french toast!
PRO: It is not very busy for lunch and you can easily grab a table and a quick lunch when other places nearby are busy. Not a bad place to eat and have a drink.CON: A pretty average spot with no special flair. Nothing special.I have been a few times and will go again.
what?!? i had reservations here for 10pm for my girlfriends birthday (closes at 11) the host tells me they 'feel like' closing early, and they won't serve us. i ask to speak to the manager and he says he won't allow that.. the patrons who were leaving when were denied said it was gross and super greasy anyway
If you choose to eat at what they used to call, "coffee shops" (you know, the 24 hour, huge menu, breakfast all day places) then Cafe Bellagio is as nice as they come.It's so luxurious sitting in Cafe Bellagio and peering out into the Conservatory, having the aromas of the flowers and being able to see all the seasonal displays.  If you go, ask to sit close to the Conservatory, instead of in the back of the restaurant where all you get to see is Keno screen.The service at Cafe Bellagio is great; I asked specifically for watermelon on my fruit plate and the server made sure it happened (by having someone run to another kitchen to aquire some).  I would recommend Cafe Bellagio to anyone wanting to enjoy breakfast by the Conservatory, or anyone that wants a reasonably priced meal.
We used a restaurants.com deal to try this local spot for the first time. We were definitely charmed by the patio and outdoor space, but not so much by the $25 yucky short rib enchiladas and $12 watered down drinks. The sides (cornbread and creamed corn- waitresses selections) were decent the empanada appetizer had good flavor but again all wayyy overpriced. Won't be back.
My husband and I LOVE this place! It's right down the street from us so it's super convenient! The staff are always nice and super friendly. Everyone there is really easy going and the Original Philly Cheesesteak sandwhichs are AWESOME!!!! It's the only thing I ever order because why mess with the best? Prices are very reasonable. Just wish the shopping center they were located in was easier to access. And I wish they delivered! ;)
We visited this location on a Saturday afternoon and we didn't have to wait to be seated. Our waitress was pretty nice at first. My husband and I each ordered one of their sandwiches with a side of fries. The fries were very greasy and mushy. They were not appetizing at all. I left most of them on my plate. The sandwich honestly looked like something I could have made at home and it didn't taste any better. As we were eating, we noticed the place began to get a little more crowded. That was when the service from our waitress got bad. She never came back to refill our drinks or ask if we needed anything. She simply came by to give us our bill. It was like she was rushing us out. Very rude. I will not be going back, the food really sucked and the service really sucked.
How could one not be a fan of Carnevino?! It's amazing! The food was excellent, the service was excellent, and the drinks were flowing. If you find yourself in Vegas craving a really good piece of meat, and have an overflowing wallet, this is the place to go! While the prices were a little high for my tastes, our traveling buddies wanted to take us here. We definitely enjoyed our meal, by far it was amazing. I sampled things I hadn't before, and it was all around enjoyable. The service was excellent, many different servers stopped by our table for different things, and each was extremely professional and friendly. I absolutely loved the corn side dish, it was by far my favorite. I also LOVED the potatoes with the egg (who woulda thunk?), that was amazing. The steak was great, if you have the budget to spend.
We ate dinner at Cafe Sienna on Sunday night and, yet again, found a great place to eat in Uptown Charlotte. We were surprised to have the place almost all to ourselves, but then again, it was a Sunday night and it was rainy. We loved the ambiance here - from the outside I can see how it might be mistaken for a high priced snooty place, as a previous reviewer pointed out, and just like him, we were mistaken - it was laid back and affordable! We were very happy with the menu, which offers a great selection of antipasti, soup/salads, and entrees, which range from chicken, veal, shrimp, pasta, and fish. We ordered the portabello for an app, along with the mussels. The mussels were the largest I have ever seen! (see pic). And they were delicious. The portabello was very good and my only complaint here is that there wasn't enough of it between my fiancee and I. One thing I wasn't too happy with: the bread they bring you when you sit down. It's sliced bread, like sandwich bread! Not even toasted or anything, just a few pieces from a loaf you buy at your local grocery store. Maybe it was just because it was a Sunday, but we thought that was pretty weird. But once we tasted the appetizers we didn't even notice the bread anymore anyway. The service here was excellent, everything was brought to us on time and our server knew the menu and made great recommendations. For my entree, I ordered the shrimp with pesto over angel hair pasta - this dish alone is a 5 star dish! It was just enough, not too thick to make you feel sick after, just the perfect blend of shrimp, pesto, cheese and pasta - amazing! My fiancee ordered the filet mignon with the crab meat over it. He was happy with it, although he did say the filet was pretty mediocre, and then if it didn't have the crabmeat on top it wouldn't have been anything special. But regardless, both dishes were very good and we both agreed we will totally be going back! It's on our list of places to take family members when they visit.
Five guys makes the best burgers I have ever had in my life, period.
We met another couple here for dinner last week and had a great time.  We've been here before and were again, pleased.  The happy hours are great, the food and service are very good.  The indoor/outdoor bar & patio seating area is roomy and nice.  The times we've been here, the bartender, (sorry, I forgot his name........a tall man) is always so friendly.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
Decided to try this place for dinner. For a fast food place, it is very overpriced.The butter burger was dripping with grease, and was otherwise fairly bland. The cheese curds are tasty, but the fries are merely average. The chicken sandwich was decent at least.
Service - 4Atmosphere - 4Food - 6Vegetarian Friendly - 7General Awesomeness - 5We had a party of about 10 for brunch on a Sunday morning, and had an incredibly difficult time receiving the most basic service.  Getting a cup of coffee took 4 requests and about 20 min, the rest of the meal followed a similar path.
I love this place!! I could eat here almost every day. Service is always great with little wait times and the staff is very friendly.
Discovered Siena Bistro last spring. It's been a favorite for breakfast ever since. It's lovely to sit outside and enjoy the view and peacefulness.The frittata and eggs carbonara are great. Service has always been attentive. It's really a great value.
Awesome to find out that they have a regular open mic/live music schedule
This is, hands down, the absolute best sushi place (not counting the fancy shmancy or seaside places). It's a bit hidden because it's located inside a higher end grocery store (that they also own), but once you find it, it's like a hidden gem that you either want to keep for yourself or show off to the whole world. I kid you not, I make the trip down to Montréal whenever I can, just to eat here. The owners are such good people, and their great characters show through the carefully prepared dishes, which by the way are also presented in generous proportions.
I've only ever had take-out from here, and I've always enjoyed the food. It's good quality Chinese-Canadian food, and I've never been disappointed in a dish. The Sesame chicken really does set this place apart though. You have to try it.My orders have always been filled quickly, and the service is pleasant.
This spot was my favorite sushi place in the West Valley.  The sushi here is great and the staff is friendly. Most of my out of town guests even my pickiest of friends loved it. The only complaint is that sometimes the servers are overwhelmed on the weekends and I don't get refills on my drinks on those days. They need to hire more staff for the busy weekends...this place is always packed with customers. I will eat here everytime I come back to town even without the refills on drinks the Las Vegas roll is awesome !
I've been here a few times, mostly because it's close to my house but I like it.  The atmosphere is a little loud but if you are into 85 TV's displaying 40 different sports programs it's all good.  What brings me back ... their mojito's ... love 'em.
The food is good.  I had the queso with bits of meat.  It was good.  It was something you could grab at other decent Mexican restaurants.  The food is not necessarily the problem with this place.This...my friends....is another tourist trap.  The prices are in the stratosphere for the food you get.  The location is smack dab in the middle of the pyramid.  Imagine this:  You are eating a taco and enjoying your meal when you look up and see an ad for the Bodies Exhibit...with the dude's guts all hanging out.  Pretty bad right?  Now imagine you see the Bodies Exhibit ad and so you turn around to see....gasp....an ad for the Carrot Top show....with his ugly mug staring right back at you.I lost my appetite after seeing Carrot Top, and I paid a fortune for ok mexican food.  That is what is wrong with this place.
The lunch buffet is different everyday. The manager said Saturdays and Sundays are the best days to come. You can also check the menu of the day in fb.
I used to love this place but now the service has gone downhill, they got rid of their good iced tea and substituted it with some chemical-taating off brand, their prices have gone WAY UP.  $9.75 for a sald with chicken in a stripmall joint is way too much, the waitress was rude and the greek music is sooooooo loud.  They added the suite next store to their dinig room, so they raised all their prices by 2 or 3 dollars each plate to compensate.  I liked them a lot better when thy were smaller, friendlier and didnt cut corners on the food.  Sadly this will be or last time coming here.
Based on décor alone, Boca 7 would get four stars for all its fish-out-of-water glam in Mesa.  The design work by the dentist/co-owner is totally over the top.  The devil is in the details and a few of them need tweaking.  The heights of the black crystal chandeliers and huge red fabric spheres need to be varied to make the ceiling look less cluttered.  This place is also in desperate need of a dimmer switch.  It is tradition that Asian restaurants be lit like they're in the middle of a raid to emphasize that they are clean, but all those chandeliers blazing on high are too much at Boca 7.  The screw heads used to affix the huge Asian symbols to the back wall also need to be hidden.  And what's with putting the cheapest paper napkins on the market on the granite tables?  When you've spent this much money on the interior, either get a nice paper napkin or splash out for cloth napkins.  Unfortunately, the food does not live up to the decor.  Compared to a Vietnamese gem like Cyclo, the food here is a bit of a disappointment.  There's nothing wrong with it, but this is the food I would expect to find in a very traditional Vietnamese restaurant.  However, this setting makes me expect something much more modern.  Perhaps the owners should look to Jin Ju in Chicago as a template to follow as I think that restaurant is much closer to the concept of mod Asian fare in a hip setting that would work for them.  Now whether or not that concept will actually work in Mesa is another question altogether.   The menu is a hoot.  It's filled with advertising and reads like a gay who's who of Phoenix dentists and bankruptcy lawyers.  This place is worth a visit just to check out the décor.  If Liberace had been Vietnamese, this could have been his restaurant.
I love their pumpkin curry the most.
thanks to Groupon's $6 for $12 coupon I probably wouldn't know about this place. My first expeirence with New Mexican food so didn't know what to expect. Similar menu as your typical Mexican restuarant and a few of their own. Had the Steak Carlito's Burrito (pic) which i really liked for $7.60 with all of it's 8 complimentary add-ons, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, peppers, salsa, and so on. guacamole and sour cream was extra. it was loaded with tasty chunks of steak, i could definitely taste a difference in the spices and seasoning. they also have a veggie burrito for $4.60 that you can mixup all kind of beans and rice together, or the combo burrito for around $6-7 which is the veggie and meat.Total wasn't $12 yet so I added the Pork  Nachos for also $7.60.  They weren't that bad, had a bunch of ingredients that resembled those layered nachos dips what I usually eat while watching football. beans, cheese, olives, tomatoes, peppers, guacomole, and sour cream and some large pork pieces. didn't care for their chips, shaped and seasoned like doritos, and got soggy quickly.They have a good nightly special from 4-9pm.Mondays - Santa Fe Sliders for $1Tuesdays -Beef Tacos for $1Wednesday - HUMP DAY - 1/2 off breakfast burrito till 11 am and $6 pizzas.Thurdays - Bottomless bowls green chile shew for $6.50.Friday - Chicken, steak, and shrimp fajitas from $6-8.Saturaday - Ribs for $8.95Sunday - 2 for 1 breakfast burritos all day.they also serve beers, margaritas, and wine so that's cool.they were busy during lunch, they had tables and a few bar counters to eat at. also like all of their pictures and their open view of the kitchen.
Went there dinner 1/31/12.  They had the unlimited lobster tail for $70 special. Really liked their selection. Nice cocktail shrimps. Crab legs were already opened for easy eating. Good overall.
If you are in some serious craving for some gourmet burgers, come here! You have to pay a little, but it's worth it!You get a choice of their pre-made burgers or you can just CUSTOMIZE it!  You get to choose a huge array of cheese and other nice sautéed toppings.  What makes their burger extra good is the bun and the patty.  The bun is sooo soft and buttery while the meat is so perfectly made.After the first bite, I just kept eating away.  I never finished a burger so fast. Hehehehe! =)
The location of Fugu is a huge bonus. Being located on State St right on campus, it's definitely popular amongst students especially. They serve good Sze Chuan food, which means that the majority of the dishes will be cooked with spicy oil -- making them spicy. Their menu actually runs pretty parallel to that of Ichiban. I have written a review of that pretty recently and I order and recommend the same favorites as I do at Ichiban. Plus, there are many reviews of Fugu out here with good recommendations on what to get, so I will talk more about the experience and service here. Went to lunch once for my post-seminar celebration with my group. We had the lunch specials, which was a good deal coming to about $10. It has a set consisting of the main course, a soup and fruits to go with it. Most of their sets are served in bento boxes, which is a pretty cool concept. For dinner you just order off their menu.Service wise, it's a little off what I could call top-notch. Which means that your main course dishes might come before or together with your appetizers. On some occasion especially when they are busy, you might have to remind them about parts of your order. But they are pretty good about reminders, and will get you what you want fast. I would visit more often but Ichiban has equally good Sze Chuan delicacies with a much larger sitting area and ample parking. Between one or the other it all boils down to personal preference and convenience. If I live downtown and I do not have a car, Fugu will be the logical option. Otherwise, take your pick, either way you will get nice Sze Chuan dishes =)
Wow, I went here for the first time today without checking reviews. Thank god I didn't because I would have missed out on a great meal. Maybe they are better when its slow. Anyways, here's my take:Service - Very good, our waiter checked up on us twice, brought food and drinks all within 30 minutes. Food was hot, drinks were cold, 9.5/10 because it was very slow so no excuses.Food/Drink Quality: Once again very good. I had the quesadilla cancun and the filling was as hot as a fajita when I dug in. Margaritas were also decent, not as strong as I like but it was only 4pm so it's ok. My only complaint was the veggies were a tad cold. Otherwise 9/10.Price - It was $40 for two meals and two drinks including tip, for the quality and portion it was a decent price. Could have had a larger portion of sides, so Id give it a 8/10.Experience - Very light crowd at 4pm, Im sure it picks up after 6. Very colorful restaurant with nice decor and pretty cool carved tabletops and booths, although a little cramped in the booth it was a nice looking mexican restaurant. 8/10.Overall - 34.5/40 - Thank god the reviews below are no longer the case, it was a very good meal and I will be back. Maybe they had a change of management? I would reccommend this place.
Never seen so many kids work so hard at a fast food restaurant. This place was crazy and they are getting them in and out. Great job manager
i know its a fast food chain restaurant, but normally the food is pretty decent but when i went to this one, service was very slow and the food was so so. I do not think i will be coming back here again.
I'm not a fan of Golden Corral, but since my parents got coupons we went here for brunch. All Golden Corrals are pretty cheap considering the amount of food you can actually eat. The food wasn't bad, it was pretty fresh and since we went 10 minutes before breakfast was over we got to get the chance of getting free orange juice.I walked in and saw a chocolate fountain, which I don't think I've seen in any other Golden Corrals before. I grew up going to these restaurants, so as default I got sick of it and never come. This Golden Corral was pretty new, right to the new opened Walmart, this restaurant is located in the right place for business.The staff was friendly and helped with any drinks and picking up plates. The cooks were also helpful if you wanted something from the grill. Bathrooms were pretty clean, so if you need a break and need to drop some weight to eat more, you're welcome to do it! Haha.Very diverse crowd which makes Golden Corral feel more homey and you could get a nice look of the diversity in Charlotte. Anyways, I'll come back if my parents have the taste for it. This restaurant isn't bad, especially if you're hungry for BBQ or any of their many selections.
Eating at Benedict's made me feel like having brunch at my favorite aunt's house. The place was homey, the service was warm and the food was comforting. The place was small and only had a few small tables. There were some tables outside that offered seating for larger groups. I can easily understand if it would take a while to get a table on a busy day. Good thing (or unfortunately) we got to Benedict's a little past lunch already. We immediately got a table and we were greeted as soon as we went through the door. I don't think they have a lot of servers. Take note of this when you visit this place when it's busy. I would think everyone would scramble to make sure everyone is helped and taken cared of. As I've written, the place felt like home, even my own mom or aunt would have a hard time managing several guest at one time.The service was hands-on. The lady who served us during our visit was very warm. She was engaging and very friendly. Again, like what I wrote, she was just like my favorite aunt. I did have some concerns, else I would have rated this with 5 stars. I ordered 3 items from their menu that were not available. Thus, why coming here late might be a disadvantage. They ran out of fruit for the crepe, challah bread for the french toast and avocado for the California eggs Benedict. Would have been nice to try it out. Maybe i'll come in early the next time so I get to try what I want.The food that were served to us was very good. Let me correct that, it was very good. It was better than other big time brunch places that I have visited. it was original and full of flavor. We had the Arizona eggs benedict and their egg and bacon croissant sandwich. The croissant sandwich was soft, airy and tasty. The additional kick on the sandwich was the pesto sauce. The egg was cooked nicely and the bacon, though not as crispy as I wanted had a good bite as well. My wife loved the Arizona eggs benedict. It had tomatillo sauce instead of the usual hollandaise sauce. There was also a hint of corn tortilla taste on the sauce that gave the dish a mexican finish. Eggs were poached perfectly and the runny yolk complimented the sauce. The sausage wasn't bad as well. Not too salty and but had enough kick at the end to tell you that you are eating a sausage. Coffee and pastry were also very good. Add the warm ambience and service with good, Benedict's Cafe just felt like home.more reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
Thin, square (that's their gimmick 'our pizza is in a square shape') dry chain-resteraunt pizza that's forgettable. Salads also uninspired.
Last night I had one of the best meals of my life. I found out that Bistro La Bon,  a restaurant I've been wanting to try forever, has a 10 course tasting every Thursday. For $35pp you get 10 amazing courses, bigger portions than I thought too. The chef is so creative and I think this is his play time. He puts together ingredients you wouldn't think to but they turn out amazing.I know the first two and last two plates, but I'm a little uncertain on the order in between.1. Watermelon gazpacho that was unexpectedly (and delightfully) a little spicy2. Fresh buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes, micro basil, and 12 yr balsamic3. Goat cheese stuffed peppadew peppers with carmalized onions and a ginger honey sauce - this was a favorite4. Seared scallop over mashed potatoes with demi glaze- dining partner said scallop was perfectly cooked.5. Crispy avocado and asparagus with sweet chili sauce- another favorite6. Salmon- don't remember much about it, I don't like seafood7. Sweedish meatball and potatoes with ligonberry8. Some kind of cream cheese whipped cream with ouzi? fruit- really good and very different9. The most amazing cheese plate with a brie type cheese and apricot marmalade that went perfect together10. Chocolate flourless cake with mango sorbetThe food was just to die for, but also the anticipation of what was coming next was really exciting. I can't wait to go back. It's different every week.
I have visit alot of mexican restaurants especially in US in N.Y and SF. im very picky when it comes to food, because i only want to have the best.Decor: very nice, both interior and exteriorStaff: attentive, but without any smileFood: now the most important of a mexican concept, everything was ok, nacho plate was very good, Faijtas was also ok. The Guacalole was not good, it was really bad actually.The marguritas was very good.Probably one of the better mexican places in Edinburgh.
My wife loves this place regardless of where we are, but I just don't have that same love for Chipotle as she does. LOL - Well, there was one down the street from where we were staying last week, so we stopped by for lunch. Their staff is very enthusiastic as they greet you with a huge hello, how are ya as soon as you enter the business. They menu is, of course, the same as all the others, but the black beans just tasted better than usual, for some reason. I just got the bowl with barbacoa to keep it safe because I've been known as a bit of a "Tortilla Snob"...haha, but this plate was very, very good. I was absolutely impressed with the taste of this dish and will definitely go back the next time we're in town visiting our daughter!#KudosOnTheEnthusiasm
I like Centurion.  It's got more space now after their expansion, and it's a quirky, unusual experience.  You feel really close to the kitchen and chefs, and the food is always good.It's terrific that after 5pm weekday and all day Saturday and Sunday, street parking is completely free (so no need to add coins).  Trust me, I live downtown.Their 7 course tasting menu is unbelievably tasty ($50 for food only, $75 with wine pairings).  The 21% gratuity they automatically add though is highly annoying (15% is fine, 18% okay, but 21% is a mugging).Service is good.  Their risotto of the day is unbelievable ($8).  They make the best risotto in all of Phoenix, in my opinion, and are creativeTheir pizzas are good too, but maybe a dollar or two too expensive.Their mussels are also a standout and fairly priced.Personally, I'd stick with the three above for an everyday dinner, and the tasting menu for a special occasion like an anniversary. Their brunch is also fun.
Disappointment on a tiny plate. I'm giving TPF 3 stars because the restaurant is exceptionally beautiful, they had live Spanish guitar and a flamenco dancer when I was there and the Sangria is fabulous. The food on the other hand , blah. From someone who cooks and considers eating a sport, I could totally taste that many of the ingredients had been bought pre made and frozen. I'll give a little run down on what we had.Rolls- were frozen, par baked like you buy at the grocery store for Thanksgiving dinner but they did come with the most amazing garlic dip. They called it aioli ,it wasn't even close to an aioli, but delicious all the same.   Almondigas con Tomate - essentially frozen meat balls sitting in canned spaghetti sauce.Tortilla de Patatas - Potatoes used to make it - frozen  Pisto gratinado~ cauliflower in Iberico béchamel sauce covered in puff pastry - 2nd best dish we had. The highlight of the meal was an open faced empanada with roasted garlic and goat cheese. I don't see it on the online menu to get the actual name but it was gooey, garlicy,goat cheesy and I could have eaten 3 of them. Cava Sangria - tasty, tart and a great deal. The Sangria on its own is $8 a glass but by the pitcher it is only $36. We got 6 full glasses out of the pitcher so you can do the math on the value. We had a few other things but they weren't worth mentioning. I'm also not going to go to detailed into the service because the place was packed and had several large parties of self entitled Scottsdaleites blocking the aisles and demanding much more attention than was necessary but I will say it was about 30 mins before we got our drinks and over an hour before we got our 1st dish. The rest came about 25 mins after that. The waiter was apologetic and we understood that it was more the kitchen and clientele than anything else. I wouldn't go back for the food but I would for the music and the Sangria.
Corner Pizza is a decent place to grab a decent pizza, and the prices are pretty good as well, although there are other Pizzerias in the city that do give better value for money. However, if you live local, then it's a great place to go to. The restaurant does not do deliveries, but if you call them up you can pre-order a pizza so that is ready when you get there.When I came here I ordered a 12" pepperoni pizza and it was £6, which is pretty good, although the pizza was more greasy than normal and I used a tissue to absorb areas of excess grease.The drink prices here were also pretty expensive so I decided to go to a local off-license to get a drink there instead. Corner pizza also do other food items as well, such as kebabs, burger, chips and a range of Ben and Jerry ice creams.
I was tired my child was tired, I ordered on the phone to expedite the meal to bring home, My child ate at Wendy's right around the corner, I ordered my 40 dollars worth of food, gave my name and phone number. I said can you have it ready at 8pm.  ¨no problem¨ they said.  ha ha ha I waited like a dope til 8pm because my kid ate and we were done by 7:35. I walked in at 8pm and they said ¨my name¨ I was thinking wow !  they said okay ¨We make order now" OMG  I would give them zero stars but I can't. I still want to try one thing on the menu i never tried anywhere else sounds good, but I refuse.  I never see anyone in the place I pass it daily. laundering money? hm
We meet there every Wednesday and it's always awesome. Megan is a great waitress and I love the Big Daddy burger!
Hooray! We finally made it here for lunch. It felt as though we were in Downtown Phoenix again due to the hip and locally owned feel. I wish there could be SO many more places like this in the neighborhood.The building is small and charming. You can certainly tell a lot of love and effort were put into making this establishment a success. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. Have soda's, Italian soda's, coffee, tea, beer, wine and hard liquor. It's small inside with about 6 tables and a bar with seats around it as well. Cute dog friendly patio with umbrellas outside.Multiple Veggie options available! I had the Veggie-Tarian sandwich and it was great. Seems like they have varied menu options and special dishes that change from day to day. The ingredients were fresh and quality. 32 has done amazingly with a concept that is very difficult for restaurants... To excel at ALL 3 meals, keep up variety, have a spectacular coffee bar, innovative menu, and now have a full bar as well. There is even a drive through window! I felt right at home and cannot wait to come back for some wine. The wine list looked extensive and varied. Keep supporting local and get here! It's amazing. I kind of want to live in a little loft above it.
I love this place. We try and go every other week. The service is a little slow but the food is great. I have been to several Thai restaurants from NYC to CA and this one is in my top 3 for sure!
This is a brand new cafe. I was excited to see that it's now open. The interior has a cool bistro theme. I sat on the patio with my bike because there is no bike rack. There are a lack of bike racks at the Arizona Center, in general. But back to the cafe, the food was pretty good. I had trouble deciding what to try. I had a pastry and it was ok, but next time I would try an actual breakfast entree. My friend said the lemonade was really good. Prices are medium ranged. Similar to those of Paradise Bakery, one of their competitors I would assume. The staff was very friendly.
I love this place! It's right next to my house! I brought so many friends and family over here! I order rolls to go almost every week! Stuff is always nice and happy to see you:) I recommend to check it out! It's good for 2 or big party!!!!
This place is mind-blowing. Awesome home-cooked style Brazilian food at an affordable price. Perfectly grilled meats, great vegetarian options, and savory smoothies (try the mango!) Don't get discouraged by the long cooking times - the owner/chef is making everything a la minute in the back. This place is simply glorious. To add even more to the proverbial pie, the owner gave us bowls of what I can only describe as the best lentil soup I've ever had, on the house, because of the wait. This is a gem that should not be ignored!
Awful awful food and service! An insult to chinese/asian cuisine! Seriously! I figured, since it was featured in the chinese newspaper, it must somehow represent what we eat... but no... Not one dish was acceptable. They had a thailand style salad, which in my opinion should be made with something along mango, papaya, sweet and spicy... but it was chop suey with fish sauce and tiny bit of chili! the pineapple pork was all breading, goey sticky starchy sauce, bland, too sweet. there was no sushi available even though it is one of their most marketed menu item. And the service was beyond bad. Even though it is a all you can eat, after ordering the first time, they seem to try to ignore you as much as possible as soon as you try to order something else. We waited 30 minutes for a second round, abandonned and asked for the bill. Surprisingly, the bill came in fast enough.  I really do not recommend this restaurant at all.
I just can't say I was that impressed. Nice big portions and decent price but the food took a really long time to come out and it just wasn't that great.
Outstanding!  Wonderful food, cocktails, and service!  My husband and I frequently dine and enjoy trying local places and we are so pleased that we came here.  The server was great and when we were seated he was honest and told us we could order cocktails and relax a little so the kitchen could catch up!  We went for a relaxing evening and that definitely started it - he offered great input for various items on the menu based on what we said we like.  The food was top notch - fresh scallops cooked to perfection, and the chicken gidori was delicious.  We shared an upside down cake with pistachio ice-cream, yummy.  All courses were great and the price was very reasonable for the food we received.  The ambiance was cozy and sophisticated.  We highly recommend trying this - we will go back !
Worst service ever.The fish is NOT fresh, okay some places aren't fresh but AT LEAST THEY TASTE GOOD. LOTS AND LOTS OF RICE in their sushi.The servers don't want to be there and don't know how to handle large groups.Overall, I would never return.
Unbelievably delicious meal here. The value this little gem offers is fantastic- Thai cuisine to the delicious wine.We came during the week and had outstanding service and a terrific time. The lettuce wrap with crab meat and ginger kicked it off and we had a great meal all the way through to the rib eye finish! And if the meal itself was not even enough don't leave with out a pot of tea and a Thai sundae! Don't be scared the hot dog bun makes it.  Give it a shot you are gonna love it!
Very unethical and no integrity.  Went in with a comp.  Asked server if they accept it here.  They told me yes and i ordered and ate.  Time to pay the bill and they told me the computer will not accept it and they dont accept the comps anymore.  Got manager and she said same thing.  I told her why should i pay for your employees mistake?  She said sorry, but they cant do anything and they cant discount my bill.  Nice.  What that tells me is if they make a mistake i will pay for it.  If the food is cold, if it takes an hour, if its burnt... you will still pay or it.  When you have so many choices in town (and aria as well), why go there?
I am angry this place drove out Teakwoods... It's a convenient neighborhood spot, so my husband and I were hoping at least a great new place drove away our favorite wings and sports bar.  No.  The owners were too lazy to change the decor, it was dark and weird and confused.  The space is underutilized, the menu had no direction, and the food was awful.  The entire place lacks both concept and execution. We will not be returning, and are sad to have lost  a neighborhood gem.
I wish I could rate this higher. Along with most of you, I love supporting local restaurants and businesses - especially if it's a breakfast joint. However, while the food was decent, nothing about my experience really stood out. Walking in, my friend and I were the only ones in there, except for one person seated at the counter about to leave. I wasn't sure whether the lack of customers was because the food was bad or simply because it was late morning on a Thursday. I ended up getting the breakfast sliders, due to many good reviews of it here on yelp. Yes the biscuits were fresh, and yes they were good. But overall, the dish was just meh. My sausage was super oily and the potatoes were underseasoned. As for my coffee? Super burnt, which is usually a huge indicator that it's just been sitting on the warmer for quite some time. It was completely and utterly undrinkable. Sad to say, I probably wouldn't recommend this spot next time my friends and I are trying to find somewhere to eat. But, if any of them want to try it, I wouldn't be opposed to giving it a second chance.
If you like food that's been dropped on the floor and serve to you anyways then this is the place to go otherwise the food is really good.
Confession Time. Authentic Mexican food places intimidate me. I am very interested in trying out new things but rarely do because of the language barrier. The staff at Taco Taco are the nicest most helpful staff I have ever had at an 'over the counter' restaurant. My first time in they took the time to explain the entire menu and let me sample all the different meats. It was a great experience. I settled on soyrizo.The food is excellent. As a confused white guy I think of Taco Taco as a chipotle style establishment with real Mexican tastes. I make a point to stop by and try something new whenever I am on the east side.
Came to Carmines for a business dinner. We had a large group and the hostess was really great about changing our table as our party size increased. We sat near the back and could watch as the staff brought out the dishes for other diners and man just like the reveiws say - portions are huge! I've been to other family style italian restaurants (bucca or maggianos) and I think Carmines is way better than both of those. We ordered the Carmines salad and anti pasta dishes to start. Then our mains were meatballs with pasta in red sauce, veal parm, and broccoli and sausage rigatoni in white sauce. They were all really tasty- i especially liked the veal parm. For dessert we had the titanic and choc bread pudding. All in all a great meal - had wine flowing and good fun.  I do have to mention they have a waiter there that sings italian opera -- AMAZING.  He was singing happy birthday to a few folks and came over and sang our group a different song. He was super nice and he's really good! Go see him for yourself!!!
Absolutely fantastic! Fresh, unique and tons of choices...kids loved it too. Definitely making this a regular stop.
Very quiet over lunch hour. Was exactly what I was looking for too. However I hope they aren't relying on their lunch crowd for business, because it's lacking. The food was great. $8.10 for soup, veggie egg roll and mixed veggies and brown rice. Ladies working were super nice and I enjoyed their company while sitting at the bar. I'll be back. Super spicy just the way I like it!!!
Good steak; they marinate cheaper, tougher cuts of beef & make it taste good by charcoal grilling. The side of cauliflower was excellent. We enjoyed the skirt and hanger steak. The Caesar salad was good but  the dressing did not taste like it had garlic in it. The waitress was the ditziest I have ever experienced..every 3rd word was yummie..gr8 English vocabulary she had, dah..poor vegas education or just an absolute ditz. When we asked about the sides..well, her comment was they are all so awesome & yummie with no description of any. We finally got bread as we finished our entrees. The Tuscan bread was the saltiest I have ever had..absolutely inedible.  We will  return for the steak & sides. They are quite disorganized with so many employees that are poorly trained or just poorly educated young kids. Poor on the service side. Definitely not even close to T Bones in Red Rock. The meats in the butcher shop are off the chart expensive & they raise the per lb price almost every day. No way is a lousy tough NY strip steak worth $27./lb.  The whole carcusses are hanging in their window as are 2 whole headless pigs and their heads are on the top shelf. That is enough to turn anybody off. Very attractive restaurant but extremely loud with marble-like hard floors. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor. Nice outdoor dining if it is not too hot outdoors.
Relatively new local joint close to home.  Nice decor on the inside!  Very clean.  Wait staff was good, but not great.  Now on to the food and drinks.  B and G wings were tasty.  Carne asada tacos were ok.  Steak salad was good.  They serve a good variety of local micro brews.  Need to come back for some 'shine and copper mule!  Nice place,  we will be back.
Finally got here for dinner, heard about this restaurant from my friends many times! The food quality is good, environment is not bad, doesn't feel like those typical Japanese restaurants, I definitely will come back again!! Had a great dinner here!! Love it..!!!
I ate there last night. It was better than when we tried to go when they first opened - too crowded, not enough wait staff . I had the rib eye steak it was so so. The potatoes was just butter and some garlic, nothing to write home about. Will go again try something different, to get my final opinion of this place
Today was my fourth visit and probably my last visit. I was extremely happy the first time because I'm from Chicago and grew up on Al's on (Taylor). Anyway, the food was delicious. I think I even wrote a good review the first time I came here. However the second time I went I was disappointed the beef was luke warm and fries were kinda salty but still had great flavor. Third visit went the same way, so I thought to myself maybe I'm going to often and my taste buds are getting use to the food. Well today I went after about 2 months and it was the same type of food but worse. The meat was cold, the fries well I'll just say I had fries with my salt, it was ridiculous. I got upset because it's pretty pricey. I don't want to ruin what I grew up on so I'll wait to go to a Chicago to have Al's on Taylor. I gave it 3 stars because the staff is always nice, the cashier remembered me big plus because I love great customer service. The restaurant is always clean and the flavor of the beef was good. I suggest getting a different warmer for the beef and tell your staff easy with the salt.
I stopped in for a light lunch and was favorably impressed by the place.  It's a nice, clean, well-lit dining room.  The wait staff was friendly and there was no waiting for service.  I ordered the half salad with soup and cornbread.  The salad was a nice combination of mixed greens.  The cornbread was a huge chunk that could easily have been shared among 4 diners.  The reason I'm giving them only a 4 star rating is that the chunky pot roast soup was too salty for me.  When my server checked back with me I told her about the saltiness.  She apologized and offered to bring a bowl of their chicken noodle soup instead.  That was too salty for me as well.  It may be that I'm just too sensitive to salt.  Whatever, they were very accommodating and asked what they could offer instead.  Since I'd pigged out on all that salad and the yummy corn bread, I was no longer hungry.  So they took the cost of the soup off my bill.  I don't consider my personal sensitivity to salt to be any fault of my server.  Accordingly, I added the cost of the soup to her tip.  I was a satisfied customer when I left, and I'll definitely be back to try something from their breakfast menu.
So bomb the dim sum option is on point like seriously. Recommend this place for those craving Asian food on a budget. I will definitely come back for sure ;)
The pan fried dumplings and a milk tea boba drink were my Christmas dinner. I wish I had chosen more wisely. We came here after wandering the strip because I was cold and starving and just couldn't wait any longer for food. It wasn't bad. It was actually pretty good. It was just way more expensive than it was worth. My meal was $22 which is ridiculous for those two items. I got 6 dumplings. For that, I should have gotten more dumplings or 6 with more exotic ingredients than just pork and vegetables. $13 is appropriate for 6 dumplings if they're made of ostrich or Kobe beef. The three stars are because my boyfriend had an amazing burger...a little more expensive than the food truck ($8) but it was ok because it's something I can't recreate by myself, decent portion size and you can't get it just anywhere. I don't know specifically which one he had, but it was absolutely delicious. 5 stars for fukuburger just by itself. The dumplings weren't bad but they weren't outstanding either. Just average. I encourage you to try the burgers if you're curious about FAME, but I'll never come back for anything else.
A bit overpriced, but for being part of the new downtown summerlin, I can see how they want to cater for a certain crowd.Came here for an office lunch, we made reservations for 10. Even though we had a reservation and made it on time, we still had to wait 20mins. Not too bad, but you would think they have the table ready for a reservation beforehand. The sushi was OK, I had better. I feel it was somewhat plain with the menu only showing the 'standard' specials. Like spicy crunch tuna...etc. nothing too fancy that can be seen as signature. As for the entrees, we had a bunch of sandwiches, standard BLT, burgers, etc. the the Kobe burger was the most fancy one. I personally had the sautéed Norwegian salmon. The fish was tender, flavorful, but not dry. The sauce was creamy and perfectly paired with the veggies and fish. I recommend this 100%. For this fish alone, I would come back, my husband likes classic burgers so he is good with that.The ambiance is nice, very modern, suiting the overall setting of the mall. Only visited during lunch, so we'll see how dinner will be. Perhaps I'll update the review when we have done so with my dinner experience.Staff was friendly, didn't know the specials, again, went here opening week, so I'm sure everything was new.
