Excelnte place right across from Lincoln Center if you did not get tickets to the opera from here you can listen, magnificent atmosphere, service is also very good, quality excellent reasonably priced food, on 2 occasions I have been always see more locals tourists and this always speaks highly of the place, also is seen to be people of very good standard. Their pizza pie is the best I've had in PA and the lasagna is great, sensational desserts .
I came here Superbowl Sunday last year, and actually saw one of my middle-aged professors getting cozy with her hubby (awwwkwarrrrd).  The bartenders seem to know everyone there by name.... it reminds me a lot of that tv show Cheers.Free peanuts (learning to just drop the shells on the floor was the hardest part for me... it just feels so unnatural!), cheap food and drinks, lots of tv's everywhere, and lots of booths and/or seats at the bar.I wouldn't necessary come here if you're looking to get all dressed to impress on a weekend night, as you'll just be getting those "uhh, move along sugar" stares from the other patrons all night, but definitely a good place to grab a bite to eat, enjoy the game, catch up with a friend, etc.  Lots of outdoor seating too.
Great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating. The bruschetta options were so delicious. The wine list provides a large selection of wine. The wait to be seated was a bit long but worth it. I will be back.
We recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ and I was looking for a restaurant with a great view and a great menu for my wife's birthday. I found several recommendations for 'Different Pointe of View'. We arrived around 6pm and were seated inside at a table that was front center looking out over the valley. BEAUTIFUL view!!! The restaurant was clean and very quiet. During our visit only 3 other parties dined. If you want a quiet atmosphere, you will find it here. I found it odd that there wasn't background music.We ordered the Lobster Bisque and a Strawberries & Baby Wild Arugula salad. Both were fresh and very tasty. We followed with our main courses, Cold Water Diver Scallops and Wild California Halibut. Our waiter attempted to have the sommelier select a wine for us but he was no where to be found. He made selection that they didn't have. I selected a Merlot and it was very good. They have an impressive wine list and cellar.  Our main courses arrived and I knew right away that my wife was not happy with her scallops. My halibut was delicious. We tried each others and I found the scallops VERY over seasoned, burnt on the exterior and cold in the center.... they were to the point of almost being inedible. Our waiter did not return to see how the meal turned out so I switched meals with my wife. It was her birthday and I avoided raising a disturbance when our waiter finally returned, after we had finished our meal. I ate the worst $32 main course of my life. After a VERY DISAPPOINTING main course we avoided dessert. Portions were undersized and expensive for the quality. We will not be returning for dinner. We might for a drink on the patio. 'Dissapointing Pointe of View'
Would be a 5 star if they brought Siad back. When he ran it, it was clean, fast and the waitresses looked like they could work anywhere.
I think this building was a house before they turned it into a restaurant because the halls are a bit narrow and the rooms are a bit small, but the food is great! They give you chips and salsa while you are waiting for your food and their salsa is home made and delicious! Their margaritas are amazing and huge (if you get the large) and pretty strong ;) . I wouldn't suggest you don't go on a Friday night for dinner because they do get pretty busy and the wait gets pretty long.
For a long time I have not gone to KFC and on this night I felt I needed it... I also had to try the Double Down sandwich.... I was greeted with a very friendly staff with prompt fast service. I ordered the Double Down with an order of Coleslaw, Mash Potatoes with gravy and one drum stick... I rate the food as followed.Double Down Sandwich - DColeslaw - B+Mash Potatoes with gravy - B+Drum Stick - BI have always enjoyed some KFC every once in awhile... I was glad I had made this stop I forgot how much I like the Coleslaw and Mash Potatoes with gravy great stuff... I will be back again someday for sure.
Food is delicious, but agree with other reviewers. You don't get much for what you pay. Way too pricey!
Wow I forgot how great Taco Bell is. I never realized they had so many zero calorie options on their menu. You might say What Taco Bell has zero calorie options you are crazy. To which I say no sir just about everything on their menu is zero calories because once you throw it up after you eat it you don't absorb any calories.I am sorry I don't usually rank on a place this bad but this was really bad. The staff seemed nice enough. Although it seemed like the guy on the registers second day on the job. Also when you just stuff the napkins still inside the wrapper in the place where the napkins go and tear open the end that is not really refilling the napkins. Just saying.The food is tasteless and horrible. I wouldn't even feed it to my dog because the ASPCA might come after me. I know that is harsh and I am being mean to get a laugh but this is the worst kind of fast food. It gives fast food a bad name. I don't even dare call it Mexican food because it is so far away from real Mexican food it has never even met real Mexican food. Real Mexican food would beat up Taco Bell food if they crossed paths.Like I said I know people just love Taco Bell but as for me I will try, shouldn't be that hard, to never eat here again. Sorry Taco Bell.
It's not often I'm off on a Friday afternoon to enjoy Chili's lunch menu. This was our first time at this location, normally we dine at the location on Bell and 7th Street. I started off with a bowl of their Southwestern Chicken Soup and it was awesome. Just the right amount of spiciness combined with a hearty portion of chicken and vegetables. My bf started out with a side salad, it a little on the small side but all the vegetables were fresh. I ordered a chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun and requested BBQ sauce on the side instead of mayo, the BBQ sauce didn't come so I asked again when they brought the dish. Wouldn't ya know I finished my whole sandwich and fries and never got the sauce (our server didn't check on us after bringing the food until it was time to clear the plates). The sandwich was tasty but a little on the dry side. The fries were piping hot and always well seasoned. James ordered a turkey sandwich which also came with fries. His bread was much harder than it should have been for just a toasted sandwich which was a disappointment. He also never received a refill on his soda. If we had gotten the BBQ sauce, the refill of coke and his bread not rock hard, I would have given 4 stars for a wonderful lunch. But, since the ball was dropped on too many occasions, I can't. I will be back to Chili's, just not this location.
Food was great. ...excellent customer service. . We went during world cup finals,  great environment. .. food was served quickly,  decent price,  casual environment. . We will go back next time in vegas.
Good dogs and chargrilled burgers. Brings back memories from my childhood getting food with my dad. And the prices are just right. I will be coming back here often. I had a chili cheese dog. The dog was boiled and perfect. I then had a bacon cheeseburger. Chargrilled tasted so good. Also had fries on the side. And the fries were... fries, nothing special.
Breakfast Burrito is excellent. Only been here for brunch but the environment, menu, and breakfast cocktail selection is great. Friendly staff as well.
So my fiancé and I heard a lot of good things about this place, so we decided to give it a try. We placed an order for pick up, and when we got there, the guy behind the counter had his head phones in and was pretty rude, like he didn't want to be bothered. So we got our food, we both ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich. The sandwiches were not good at all. The chicken was sliced, grilled, and tasted like it was microwaved. The best part of the sandwich was the cheese. All in all, we were really disappointed and will not return. Big let down!
The Pizza was great and the the pick up service was polite.  I look forward to going back there many times in the future.
Forget the pricey buffets at the big name hotels. Come to Yama Sushi for the best buffet deal in town. It's only $21 for lunch and $23 for dinner for AYCE sushi. Unlike most AYCE sushi joints, Yama offers uni, hamachi kama, sweet shrimp, etc. (limit 1 plate per person for most). There's almost never a wait, and the sushi quality is decent for what you're paying. There's several items that I always get. I like the sweet shrimp, but I'm not a fan of the fried variety that accompanies it. The hamachi kama is huge and is sure to fill you up. My favorite roll to order is the wet dream, which comes as a baked cali roll with shrimp, cream cheese, and finished with sweet yam sauce. I always end with an order of white tuna nigiri (buttery goodness). If you don't like rice, start with the seafood salad, which is a poor man's chirashi bowl. Skip the soft shell crab, which is too fried for my liking. Lastly, save room for dessert as you can order ice cream mochi and two scoops of ice cream. The mango mochi is fantastic and I'm a big fan of the green tea and plum ice creams.
Great food, very very slow service (took an hour to get entrees) and a poor wine list. Unless you really know your Italian wines very poor selection for the California grape lovers.
 The beer is the staple that keeps me coming back to the Essen Haus, especially with their selection of authentic German beers. Outstanding drinks and plenty of it, huge steins for little money. The huge boot is only $15 on Thursday night, so happy hour here usually turns into happy late night!!The food isn't bad, sits heavy if you're not ready of used to it though. The fish fry on Friday is pretty good too, all you can eat cod for $10 isn't bad!!
Went there for lunch. The wait wasn't that bad. It only took us ten minutes to get a seat outside. The atmosphere was great especially when the bellagio fountain is right across the street. Food was decent, but it was reaaaaalllllyyyyyy slow.
For all of the great places to eat in the area, I'd skip Pink Taco unless I were staying at the Hard Rock and needed something fast.  It's pretty standard Americanized Mexican, but I think they dropped the ball in a few key areas.First off was the chips and salsa.  The chips were A+, some of the best restaurant chips I've ever had.  But the salsa...D-.  They gave us 3 different kinds: tomato-based, dark green, light green.  Each one tasted pretty much the same and had ZERO spice to them.I ordered the chicken tacos which came with rice and beans and also tried the chicken skewers.  The tacos were basically chicken and pico de gallo on a tortilla.  All ingredients were good, but how about a little cheese and seasoning to the chicken!  The chicken skewers had a little spice to them (finally!).The service was quick and everything came out correctly, but the waitress was clearly not in a mood to be friendly with a group of 16 guys who tip well.  Her loss I suppose.
We were in Las Vegas for a mid-week business event and stayed at the Venetian. We made advanced reservations before arriving in LV through Open Table.com. Everything went smoothly and the hostess called each time (we ate two dinners there) to confirm reservations the day of the meal. Both meals were pretty much flawless. We each seemed to especially enjoy any of the nightly specials which happened to be hanger steak, fresh corn salad and some other goodies.
Fantastic café located in Venetian's spa.  I went here thanks to the Yelp app because I was looking for a place to get a smoothie and I was staying in this area of the Strip.  Canyon Ranch is great because you can create your own smoothie, and they use REAL fruit.  This is not juices or sorbets or what have you.  The 20 ounce is $9, which is definitely higher than your local Jamba Juice, but considering the location (one of the nicest hotels on the Strip) plus the fact that they use real fruit (when no one else near there does) I think the price is totally fine.  I have pretty specific instructions regarding my smoothies, I like to have them how I make them at home.  Canyon Ranch did a great job.  All three days I had a guy named Michael make my smoothie, and it was fantastic and consistent.  Can't recommend this place enough if you are in need of a smoothie.The breakfast burrito was the only food item I tried, and it's the reason I am giving Canyon Ranch 4 stars instead of 5.  It has a lot of ingredients, which may be why it didn't resonate with me.  There was something in there that I couldn't put my finger on for which I didn't care.  So, I would not get this again, but I know where to get my daily smoothie next time I am in Vegas.
Best buffet in Vegas.  Go on the weekend for the gourmet buffet with Kobe beef and rack of lamb.  Kobe was tougher than the prime rib, but the land was great.  Crab legs and shrimp were ok.  Overcooked, and bland taste.  Awesome desserts.
This restaurant is an excellent example of Las Vegas fine dining at its best. Some excellent highlights; the cocktails are fantastically made, the seafood trio appetizer is a MUST when dining here, and the service should be, and was, perfect. We truly enjoyed our experience here, and although there are many fine dining restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from, there are few that tend to get all those key elements and service standards working together harmoniously perfect such as AquaKnox.
The ONLY reason I give this place four stars instead of five is because the service was lacking a bit. It took forever for us to get drinks/extra napkins/ketchup. Other than that, the food was outstanding. We came here on Memorial Day because we were too lazy to do our own grilling, and after smelling our neighbors cooking some ribs, we just had to have them!We got the fire roasted artichoke for the table. My only complaint is that the artichoke was not very meaty and if I'm paying $10 for an artichoke, it shouldn't be small with leaves that hardly have anything to grab at. The garlic/mayo dipping sauce was delicious! My gf and I shared the Lucille's platter - it came w/ two chicken breasts, four ribs, a few slices of tri-tip meat and two sides. We opted for corn and french fries. Every single bite of this meal was delicious. The rib meat was fall-off-the-bone tender and the chicken was impressive too (usually chicken is just blah for me). The tri-tip was absolutely phenomenal. We ate the entire platter and brought one huge chicken breast home, so these serving sizes do not mess around! The corn was also really really good. It was obvious that it was fresh and grilled and there was some type of pepper butter on it that was extremely flavorful. All in all, I will definitely be back the next time I'm craving some southern BBQ.Be weary, the prices are a little high compared to other BBQ joints around time, but I do think the quality of food and the preparation is worth it!
I LOVE the food concept, their portions and have had great food almost every time I've been there. The only drawback is their ordering system. If you don't come often, it's hard to remember all the abbreviations and details needed for their ordering form. Their staff hasn't always been eager to make the ordering process easier either. Worth figuring out their system for the food though!
I love this Central and South American eatery, which features everything from chimichangas and burritos to tortas and burgers.You have to get the chips and salsa as an appetizer ($1.95). The chips were thick and crispy, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. They went great with my strong but sweet Passion Fruit Sangria ($6.95), which was the perfect complement to the heat-filled meal.I had two cheese enchiladas ($9.95) smothered in the vegetarian red sauce, which came with rice and beans-I got black beans. The portion was large, and the food was great-the flavors were bold, and everything tasted fresh.Besides the yummy food, I also appreciated Ticoz for its ambiance. It had a dark and romantic vibe, with burnt orange walls that gave it a warm and cozy atmosphere. Ticoz is owned by Tom Jetland, who also owns Phoenix restaurants FEZ and Switch.
Social house is good, but damn is this place pricey. I had drinks and small plates here when I was recently in Vegas. When perusing their food menu I noticed they had crispy pata. Crispy pata is an old school filipino dish. It's a deep fried pork knuckle served with soy sauce for dipping. Don't knock it until you try it ! It was staple at our house when my dad and uncles would all drink together. Total comfort food for me. Crispy pata is also known for being hella cheap too.  My wife and I ordered the crispy pata which was cooked perfectly and tasted bomb. The skin was crispy and pork was juicy and not too greasy. It was as good as the hole in the wall filipino places in LA , but damn $28 though? My lola is probably turning over in her grave if she knew how much we paid for that damn savory, juicy, deep fried pork knuckle goodness. Sorry lola! =(The decor, ambiance and service at Social House is great. Although, the decor did remind me of a more upscale version of PF changs. Plus I love PF Changs.3.55 stars, rounding up to 4.
The staff is friendly ( they know your name and what you like)Food is FRESH prepared well and delivered hot. Only issue is lunch time rush. The place is good and "cooked to order" takes time.
The food is soooo good at Hash House- whenever I have guests in town this is the first stop! Plus, this is a pretty popular place so there may have a short wait but its so worth it !! The food is HUGE- quite literally, 1 plate could feed 2-3 people. So, what I would suggest is order a few things with your group and share! My favorite dish is the Grilled French Toast and my hubby loves the Sage Fried Chicken and bacon waffles!
I ate at Harley's for the first, of what will be many, time last night. The ambience is perfect. Romantic and quiet enough for a date, but still casual and fun enough for dinner with friends. Wine, dinner, and the service were all great. I was a server for a long time and I know what crappy service looks like it. They don't have it here. Also, one of the owners hung out and talked to my friends and I and tended bar! I was very impressed at how friendly everyone was. Lastly, if you haven't had their Bistro Bread you need to stop what you are doing and drive there right now. It is a secrete recipe of cheesy, gooey, garlicky, goodness on toasted bread. Delicious! I can't wait to go back their again.
I enjoyed dinner at Les Artistes. I had the 50% of dinner entree coupon, but be warned that is doesn't apply to EVERTHING on the menu. Our waitress was very friendly though and explained how it all worked and what was available for the 50% off. I ended up ordering the scallops and with the discount it was only $15! They were really good, very flavorful and cooked well. For dessert I had the creme brulee which was also very delicious. I recommend this restaurant, but make sure you get the coupon!
If you end up in  Henderson for any reason, stop by this little gem. Excellent quality sushi, classic and innovative rolls.  Unagi sashimi is delicious. Highly recommended!
While my band was recording our latest album nearby, we ate here about 3-4 times a week....Full of kicks and the fries are definitely complimentary to the overload of flavors.The only reason it doesnt get a %100 percent review is because the beef ribs are not bad, but they are not noteworthy.....Try the Jamaican Jerk wings if you are into spicy food.... they will burn your tongue for days!! hottest sauce on earth and I have had them all!!!
Im always on the search here in AZ for a great wine bar..AND I feel bad for my friend who tried to impress me and lure me away from my norm.. Decor is cute... wine flights are good..& decently priced... . food is blech... Staff is friendly and knowledgable.... Do I like its location??
I placed my order online and showed up at my designated time on Christmas Eve only to find one long line that weaved through the business and out the door. There was no separate line for those who already ordered. Once in line, I had to wait there for 45 minutes behind a person with serious intestinal issues. Once I got to the front of the line, I asked if he wanted my order number and he said it wasn't necessary.... Then why did I bother placing an order at all???? As I told him my list of items, I asked for the $6.99 mini cheesecake from my online order and he said they didn't have that. I inquired about what they had comparable and was told a full-size cheesecake sampler for $14.99. I started to complain and he called over another employee who proceeded to tell me the website is not indicative of their selection. I was at a complete loss.Fortunately, the food was amazing and the package deals made the cost very reasonable. I will probably go back, but begrudgingly.
Always a perfect five star eating experience in this place. I'm in the restaurant business and I can appreciate when a place goes the extra mile to make it fresh with quality ingredients.
 I stopped for takeout since pizza sounded boring. We got the fried special catfish, chicken curry, egg noodle and spring rolls and it was all delicious. Very nice owners and very authentic Pho.
We ate and partied on the rooftop deck lounge. The food was good but the service was really great. Music was solid and it was fun to look out on the strip. It can be very warm outside at night, so be sure to dress for the warm weather and you'll be happy too.There's a mostly indoors restaurant and bar downstairs with the same food and service but is much more protected from the weather.
 We have been patrons here for over 10 years and although the food is pricey since everything is a la carte, it is well worth every penny. The restaurant also offers a lunch buffet which we have taken advantage of once or twice, however, we mainly love their dinners. The wait staff is extremely friendly and attentive. I highly recommend their chicken tikka masala, the curry sauce is to die for. I also love the chicken korma, again fantastic flavor. You can order the dishes mild, medium or spicy. They have recently really ramped up the spicy, so it is very spicy indeed. Can't wait to eat here again soon.
Delights Cafe just started serving breakfast the week we arrived for our stay at The Signature.  They offer a selection of baked goods, sandwiches, salads, and gelato/ice cream, along with drinks and other snack items.  We were highly impressed with the quality of their food.  During our stay we ordered lox on flatbread, brioche french toast ham-and-swiss panini, and the forest mushroom quiche -- all delicious and all prepared fresh.  We also had yogurt and fruit parfaits every morning.  Since you do have to wait while they prepare your meals, you can just relax outside on the patio that faces toward The Signature's private pool area on a nice day or inside the pleasant cafe itself.You'll find Delights Cafe in Tower 2.
This is the best AYCE sushi in Vegas! We always come here for a great time and good eats!! The sushi chefs are amazing!!
Pasta amazing but only app portion.  Steaks were not considered "great" by those that ordered and for $61 for a NY Strip, I would hope for "great" at the least.  I had the halibut and it was prepared nicely.  Service was very disappointing and not up to the prices.  Would not go again considering all the amazing restaurants in Las Vegas. If pirced more resonably then I'd give it a pass but you must consider the whole package in this case.  It would be like getting a Tiffany box and finding a WalMart ring inside...not bad, but certainl not going to pay Tiffany prices for it.
I ate at this restaurant when they first opened and thought the food was great.  Creative menu choices and delicious shakes.
 Nice and creative recipe. nice atmosphere. Service a bit too relaxed for the place but I guess is the the Quebec way....
This is a good restaurant chain. The food is consistently good, if not great, across the menu. They have different pizzas available. Definitely not the best pizza you can get (the crust is not thin or cracker-like enough) but the toppings and flavour combinations are good. Sandwiches and appetizers are also generally good. They treat kids very well and keep them entertained with nice giveaways. It is definitely a chain experience, but a good one for the genre.
 I'd love to tell you about the food, I'd love to tell you about the beer, however, I can't. Saturday 3.22 a group of 6 of us entered wild wings at around 11pm. We were quickly sat by a hostess. That's pretty much the end of our experience. We sat at our table for 20 minutes trying multiple times to flag down a server, manager, leprechaun, or anyone who would get us food and drink. After 20 minutes of no success we left saying how bad that was to the girl at the hostess stand, we were shrugged off. The next day I sent wild wings an email....
Have visited this place countless times over the years. First was a trip with my dad but it has now turned into a nice wee convenient place to pop into when visiting friends who need to be close to public transport. As Stephanie has pointed out, if you want to learn about the little dog that so many love, then ditch the old tatty book your granny gave you and just get a drink in and wander about this little gem to learn and love the story. The pub itself is in a wee time wrap, with a proper boozer feel to it but it is full of friendly punters.For all the times I've been here I have never had anything to eat until last week. I ordered the Arbroath Smokie Fishcakes and my girlfriend went for the Curried Lamb Shank with Apricots.  A brilliant staple in the city centre area and come highly recommended.
Just about keeled over when a pint of coke, pint of Deuchars and a pot of tea came to the paltry sum of £6. That is genuinely impressive for a city centre bar with pleasant atmosphere and comfy couches.  And great music playing.WILL BE BACK.
Came here with some friends for dinner, and were thoroughly impressed.  Would've given it 5 stars.... not sure why I'm not...?Started with Blood Orange margaritas.... my friend ordered mine frozen, prefer the rocks much more.  More flavor, less brain freeze...Could drown in a bowl of the table-side Guac.  As others have stated before, perfect combination, spicy without compromising flavor.Had the lamb appetizer, tender, juicy, and delicious, and after devouring a ton of chips was enough to fill me up, but my hubby had the diver scallops, and was still hungry... tastes great, less filling.Our friends RAVED about the chicken dinner, personally I can't order chicken when I go out to eat.  No matter how good it may be, I feel like I should eat something more exotic.Ambiance is everything.  Uber cool spanish decor with a splash of classy flair.
Don't waste your time or money..... Small buffet with few options, low quality food, and poor service..   Go to the Suncoast or McDonalds down the street
Just arrived from Pita Jungle on 44th and Indian School. As I waited to give my order I had the feeling that I should be running for the hills. First off in a city where salutations are as commonplace as dust I don't think I even heard a faint hello from all four employees hanging out no more than 2 feet from the front door (2 of them were hostesses) - something told me Papa Bear was not here to mind the roost.As if the service wasn't already a telltale sign, I went ahead and ordered what I thought would be a semblance of a good pita sandwich. However, I should've known when the guy that brought over my bagged food handed it to me as if it were the remnants (read: crap) from his pooch in the bag. Sorry--grew up in NYC have been eating pitas, et.  I purposely do not own a microwave to avoid the temptation of ever putting my bread in there, and here I was PAYING for chewy bread, awfully cooked chicken and bland sauce. Sorry Pita Jungle, but maybe a good heart to heart staff meeting may deem necessary--re-evaluate the customer and act accordingly---Hint: starts with "human"!
 I take my Dad here whenever he is town to visit. I love how you walk up to order at the register and pay, but then your food is brought to you. They offer loose leaf tea, which I am a huge fan of..I always get the chamomile. It's not an overly greasy place, like many breakfast establishments are, and overall, it's very charming. The staff is very friendly, all healthy looking themselves, and they run an efficient ship. It's always a little busy when I go on the weekends, but it's never been an unreasonable wait.
Red Robin is the array of hot girls I dated in my youth.  Friendly service greets you and takes your order in a well-kept and energetic establishment. As you wait longer and longer for you water, soda, food...it would seem your bipolar waitress/hot girlfriend is starting to drift to the darkside.Food arrives and it's great! Just what I ordered and it tastes like they know what they're doing.  I guess I'll keep dating her.Check arrives. Dang, didn't I look at the menu prices? I didn't realize she was this high maintenance. Maybe her purse was Gucci in disguise.  Okay...so it's not that expensive...but you could have a got a Big Daddy's burger for a similar price.I rate this a four based off the food mostly. The service is sketchy in a ticket scalper sort of way...and the prices are the same.
I have been to Kaya three times within the past month.  And I can give them a solid 4.5 stars each and every time.First visit:* Steamed Pork Belly (Marinated and steamed Pork Belly with condiments) $15.95 - Comes with leaves, thinly sliced radish, sliced jalapenos, sliced garlic, kimchee, etc.  Place it altogether with a slice of pork belly and oh so yum.  Definitely meant for sharing, and more than enough for two people!* Korean Seafood Pancake - Loaded with lots of seafood, and really good.* Spicy Sashimi - Generous portion, but perhaps a bit too much. * Something Wrong Roll - Whatever was in there, it was really good and we were fighting to get an extra piece.Our waitress was super helpful and we didn't know what else to order beyond the seafood pancake.  She made the other recommendations and were so very pleased with her suggestions.    Second visit: New addition to the menu is AYCE sushi for $22.95 (until midnight).  Beyond the standard nigiri, rolls, and appetizers, we also had:* Bulgogi (steamed beef) - Generous for one, so go with one order first to see if it's something you like.* Skewers: bacon & shrimp, gingko, garlic, chicken gizzard, shrimp, beefCame for a small party and they were very accommodating for our group.  Even brought out a special dessert for the birthday boy and didn't complain with all the splitting of the checks.  Our waiter, Sunny, took care of us and really made sure we were having a good time.Third visit: AYCE sushi again!* Steamed black mussel* Ahi poki* Fried jabchae* Spicy Korean ramen* Skewers: bacon & scallop, mushroomService was a bit slower this time, but they apologized and threw in a bottle of free beer.  We didn't mind as much since we got to linger and enjoy our meal more. Their nigiri is pretty good.  Generous slices of fish and not a whole lot of rice.  That's pretty much what had us coming back the second time for AYCE.  Skewers as part of the AYCE menu is also what we enjoyed - especially the chicken gizzards, the garlic, bacon & scallop, shrimp, beef, etc.  Their steamed black mussels came with a creamy sauce that was good.  Soft shell crab appetizers are also available, including tempura.  Noodle dishes included are udon and ramen.  Rice dishes include fried rice, teriyaki chicken and beef bowls.Dessert is limited to vanilla, strawberry or green tea ice cream, limit one.For a relatively new restaurant, they are busy!  We even saw Mr. Lee's son the last two times we went! (From Lee's Liquor)  AYCE sushi with some Korean thrown in there?  Works for us and we have very pleased bellies when we leave.They also have a frequent visitor card - Buy 10 AYCE, get 1 free!(Pics posted!)
The food was pretty good... for a chain.  It was exactly what we expect from the Cheesecake Factory.... consistent with all the other Cheesecake Factories I had been to.  my family and I LOVE the Cheesecake Factory.  The things that irked me about this particular location:1.  Parking: what a pain! luckily they had valet (which we used...awesome!) however we had a large party and one family had a baby and i KNOW they parked uber far and had to carry the infant seat and everything....2.  Service: what a nightmare.  I don't even know our server's name.  All I remember is she was blond, and short (not in stature, but attitude-wise).   here's where i go off on a rant.So we had a large party.   we all arrived within 10 minutes.  We had asked the server to wait until we were all here to start taking orders.... but she didn't feel that was a good idea.  I personally felt that we got the short end of the stick because we were a large party and she felt she did not have to give us good service because she was already getting auto-gratted.  Boo on her.  Tip karma forces my boyfriend (who picked up the tab that night) to automatically tip AT LEAST 25 percent (instead of the, what, 18 percent auto gratuity on parties of 6 or more?)anywho, drinks came out staggered. menus came out staggered.  food came out staggered.... all because the server did not want to wait the few minutes for all of us to be seated and get situated.  rawr.and on top of that, some rude lady in a near by booth kept shushing the 2 4-year olds with us (one being my daughter) and shooting dirty looks my way. lucky for her my parents taught me to respect my ugly... i mean elders.That all being said (please excuse my poor grammar/run-on sentences)...bottom line:  food was consistent with every other cheesecake factory out there (yay for avocado eggrolls and THE BEST fried mac and cheese in the world) but the service was shoddy (really though, WHY would you bring out dessert for everyone else and then make the 2 restless 4-year old girls wait 10 more minutes for theirs? who does that?!?) I'll stick to the location in Henderson, or even brave the strip and head to the Cheesecake Factory in Caesar's.
Mmmmm. Never disappoints.  Kind of small restaurant, definitely has that hole in the wall feel. There is a Quiet staff, but that's okay, they aren't rude or anything, I much rather be busy eating my yummers! Pho beef, so delish.
 We stopped by this place after hiking at red rock.  If you like interesting rolls with sauces try the Ultimate tuna, crazy horse, or 3Alarm fire. Bu we also had some sushi pieces.
We've been having trouble going to places that are fine dining lately.  We had a couple of bad experiences where the service and food just did not match our expectations.  This was not the case here.  We ordered a la carte, a lot of food and were completely happy.Sweetbreads - always my favorite, and these were cooked perfectly.Octopus - Big pieces of braised octopus that were charred, lovely.Charcuterie plate - pickled cauliflower?  Yes please!  beautiful meat selection.Beef Tartare - The texture of this egg was so perfect and I loved the saltiness of the capers mixed in, served with grilled bread, the chocolate shouldn't scare you off, you can't taste it really, it just adds a nice crunch to the plate.Beef Belly - not sure how they cook this one, but the texture was just phenomenal.    I rarely eat beef entrees but this one was great.We finished off with oysters which were served with a tobasco sorbet.  I don't love big briny oysters, but these were small and sweet and were just wonderful.We had an Intermezzo of white chocolate filled with a meyer lemon soup and some celery.  Honestly.  I don't think words can describe what an amazing 2 bites that was.Desserts were phenomenal as well, My favorite was probably the chocolate with hazelnut.  But The apple strussel with truffle (that's right the mushroom not the chocolate) ice cream was phenomenal as well.  The service was also great, very friendly and warm.  We sat at the bar and had a lovely time.  I highly recommend.
While walking by I noticed a sign for bubble drinks and was immediately drawn in. I asked if they had a menu of their dessert drinks and the owner showed me to a table and turned the menu to the proper page. I looked through it and was a tad sad that it didn't list almond as one of the flavors they carry but decided on taro.On a lark, before ordering, I asked the owner if they ever planned on carrying almond. He looked at me with a perplexed manner and stated that they, in fact, carry almond for their bubble teas. I then asked if they carried pineapple since pineapple milk tea is my favorite and almond wasn't on the menu. With a no given for my second question I ordered by almond milk tea. This day I learned I can get good almond milk tea with pearls in the Strip District while the owner learned he needs to add almond to the menu. I told him he should list it as amaretto since more people know almond flavored items by that description.
I really wanted to like this place.I like the ambiance; the restaurant was clean, and you'd be hard pressed to find a harder working server.The food was poor.The chicken cutlet parmigiana dinners that my Wife & I had were off in a thousand ways:- Sauce was a little thin, and way too sweet.- Poultry quality could've been better.- Chicken was deep fried, instead of pan fried, and, along with the breading/seasoning, the meal tasted like a cheap spicy chicken nugget covered with sauce.- A small slice of garlic bread was served with the entree, instead of a customary loaf of bread served before/with dinner.Seldom do I find myself speaking poorly of a restaurant...in fact, this is my first critical review of a restaurant on Yelp.
Family friendly.Dropped in for some dinner with the family one night. The menu was pretty standard but the service was the great and best part of this business. Everyone was attentive and pleasent.My son was given a high chair and the chefs  had fun giving him custom little fruits with bird faces which he loved it!Recommend the banana crab dish!!
  Yeah, I went there for the Red Velvet Waffles w/ cream cheese drizzled on top because it sound intriguing but that wasn't the highligh of my experience.  When we walked into this beautiful establishment, I loved the soft and easy low-key tones of the restaurant.    Although it was packed, the ambiance was very relaxing and comforting.  The star of the show for me was definitely the chicken apple sausage (which is made fresh at the restaurant).    So let me back up a bit,  I ordered the red velvet waffles, chicken apple sausage, and stone ground grits w/ cheese.   Lately, I have to admit, I have not liked anyone's grits besides my own, but let me tell you...if you're craving grits and you don't want to make them yourself--give this place a try.  I personally cannot wait to go back and try other things on the menu.
The food is better than average fast food. I especially liked the burritos and beef nachos
  I came here on a Friday night around 9pm.   The music was super loud, drinks were weak and over priced, and there were TVs every inch of the place, with sports, yuck.
Ok, before I start my actual review, PLEASE READ: when you go to this restaurant, it is not a "sit and chat" type place. It is a traditional Japanese ramen shop where you eat your ramen fast and leave.  Plus, the line gets really long really fast, especially at noon.The spicy Tonkotsu Ramen is my favorite.  I get that with corn added in. I LOVE IT. The kimchi rice is my second favorite. My parents love the cold noodles too. It's just such a unique menu despite being so short. But hey, studies show that with fewer choices, you're usually happier. If you aren't full after one bowl, you can ask for a refill of noodles for (I believe it's $2). But they won't give you extra broth for that cost, so save enough broth if you know you'll need another serving.
  I just wasn't terribly impressed.... everyone keeps telling me how great their fries are but I didn't think they were anything special.    my husband and I split a large order of the Cajun fries and only finished about 1/3 of what they gave us.    I did appreciate the large array of toppings available to customize the burger to your liking, especially fresh jalapenos.  Next time I'll skip the fries and stick to the single burger, which for a "fast food" burger was pretty tasty!
Another tasty cheap meal.  $6 I think for a chicken pita, and free conversation with the friendly Lebanese man who works there.  Nice people, good food, win.
 They messed up on my burrito once and didn't notice until i got home and took a bite! Only live about 1 minute away so I ran back and they get me a free drink quickly made it right and also gave me a vip customer discount card to use everytime! The food is always yummy!
This restaurant is truly fresh, tasty,  has a very nice atmosphere. Service is friendly and informative.Great stuff! Fresh fish is incredible....and the fresh veggies are just that...FRESH!
Smashburger is one of my favorite burgers because I find it to be tastier than most burgers out there. I like this new restaurant a lot for the same reasons I like the other Smashburger establishments - tasty burgers, friendly and efficient staff, bright and clean interiors and exterior, a comfy patio area for al fresco dining. Great location too, in a shopping area that is not too busy so that parking is not a problem.
I have been dying to try this place because I am a big fan of the burger.  Three wordsOversaltedOverpricedOverratedCheeseburger, fries and drink at Smashburger= $10Cheeseburger, fries and drink at In n Out= $ 6.59How's that for simple?
Came in and was seated before a party of six, we were 3 adults and 2 babies. The party of 6 was seated next to us. The hostess took our drink order and I told her I was ready to order she said the bartender would be there soon to take our order( where's the real waitress) after waiting 10 minutes we finally got our tea and next to us got there drinks. I once again reminded the hostess and bartender we were ready to order now another 10 mins went by and the bartender went to the table next to us and took their order and completely ignored us!
I went to Pura Vida this morning at 7:10 to avoid any long waits. I usually go to bed at 6 AM so I was surprised I was still up. I talked to Cindy about my Groupon options and she was very helpful. I ended up with the Latin'Tude and Tha Waffle. Everything here is made fresh and cooked to order. So even though I was their first customer, I had to wait 40 minutes for my togo.  It was fluffy and the hint of cinnamon was perfect.  Cindy did suggest calling ahead of time or placing a reservation the night before if I was in a rush next time. It's a cute little spot with great food! I'll be coming back.
All the salads and soups are excellent, I drive across town for this one.  The little sweet lady that owns and cooks here is a doll.
I grew up in Michigan and one of my favorite Mongolian stir fry places anywhere was within driving distance.  And since moving here I've been looking for another place to get my fix.Genghis Grill is the best I've found yet in the valley.  Choosing your starch was a nice touch. Not everyone feels like rice.I feel like some of the sauces are pretty bland but it does give you the ability to experiment. Also there are options on the menu for kids that may not be into stir fry.The only complication we had for service is that we both went to build our plates. While gone, our table was bussed. Having some sort of card that says someone is at this table may deal with that possible confusion. Also if you decide you want more than 1 bowl, having to wait for wait staff can be frustrating.  But when the place is busy, you may be there a while if you want seconds or (somehow) thirds.
For the last 6 months ive been hitting up HOT n JUICY atleast 3 times a month. Im still not burned out from there food haha. Every time we hit it up we would alwayse order something different from the menu and each time we are never disapointed. The sauce here is soooooo yummy, that I sometime order the sauce to go so I could eat it with rice the next day. I love this location alot better than the first one cause its not as busy, you don't have to wait 40 mins to be seated:) I personally can not stand waiting more than 20 mins nomatter how good the food is. This location got my stamp of approval :)
 People seem to think all we eat are sprouts and vegetables. We eats so much more and it is outright delicious! Green is the best example of vegan comfort food! They even serve beer!  Excellent food, friendly staff as well as a really enjoyable atmosphere. Try the por boy sandwiches as well as the great appetizers. The chicken wings are my favorite! You forget that they are not made out of real chicken.Love this place.
Sushi was good & so was the food. Decent pricing. Not my number 1 sushi place but heck of a lot better than any more easy of Nevada!
Margarita pizza  was like out of a box from grocery sauce. The tofu fries tasted weird .  The smoothies were watered down all I can taste was the powder or syrup they used to blended . The chicken breast that my sister got was sooo small it looked like it was for a 6 year old child not an adult. It was very over priced for juice bar food we spend almost $50 for the both if us for lunch&  the funny thing we were still hungry the portion are really small.
Oh, those pepperoni rolls!!!I've had nothing but good experiences with Vocelli since moving here this past May - in fact, this was the first place we ordered from, since it was so late by the time we got here that it was the only place open.  The online ordering system they have is slick and user-friendly, there are always coupons, and the food has always been hot and delicious on arrival. I'm holding back from giving it 5 stars because the only things that really wow me (and boy, do they wow me) are the pepperoni rolls and the breadsticks.  The small pizzas are a great size for two, the "Neapolitan" crust (kind of like a thinner, round Sicilian) is inventive and delicious, and the boneless wings are reliably good (if unimaginative).  The cheese sticks aren't really worth it, the "chicken tenders 'taliano" were a little greasy, and the hoagies weren't anything to write home about.  Go with the classics, and ask for extra sauce!(The fiance weighs in: The regular wings are good, the chicken tenders 'taliano are fine, the pizza is REALLY great!, and the sandwiches and boneless wings are underwhelming.  "And the cheese sticks, cheese bread, whatever the **** they call it, is NOT worth trying.")
 Nice atmosphere friendly staff. I had fried green tomatoes, grits, , greens & the house salad.  But the best of the best was the dessert Chocolate sweet potato cheesecake!
After unexpectedly ending up Downtown on a Wednesday night and not being able to get a table at Butcher and the Rye, my husband and I decided to try Vallozzi's for dinner.  On a few previous occasions, I had appetizers and wine in the bar area during happy hour with friends.  The bar service was always good, the wine delicious, and the apps tasty, but I had never actually eaten in the dining area.After my dining experience last night, I think I'll only be returning for drinks in the future. Let me first say that the service was probably the best part of the meal.  Our waiter was polite, amiable, and very attentive.  I didn't have to flag him down once, although he was taking care of several tables around us.  The food, on the other hand, was a different story.  Dinner started out well, as I ordered the shishito peppers and was in heaven.  They were perfectly cooked and appropriately salted/oiled.  For my meal I had butternut squash soup, which was so sweet that I couldn't finish the small bowl.  I also shared brussels sprouts with my husband and was pretty disappointed by the amount of oil and butter in the dish. (I didn't even realize that sprouts could taste unhealthy until I had these!) My husband had the pork chop (which was fried) and he was generally happy with his selection.Overall, our experience was okay, but I certainly won't be rushing back anytime soon.
I just saw someone's review about the savory crepe with chicken, mushroom, cheese & bacon, lol, which was described as tasting like mushroom soup. I ordered the same thing and I guess it kind of did now that I think about it. I liked it though, tasted pretty good to me and hit the spot for me but I can't understand where that person was coming from. The crepe was about $12 and for that amount, yeah, I want it to be less "soupy" and it would have been nice to see the cook stuff the crepe in front of me instead of crouching down into a "fridge" to wrap it up.Fruit cup was average and the sandwiches were good, just way overpriced for a walk up joint. For the same amount we spent for this place, we could have gone to a French restaurant-but its good if you are just trying to order and go. The line is a bit long but staring and looking at the pastries and chocolate fountain can help distract the time.I personally wouldn't make this a destination but might consider it again if I were in the area.They have a general seating area that is on a first come first serve basis next to the counter.
Mike's great food, service and enviorment make this a wonderful spot regardless if Chicago sports are your thing...........One couldn't ask for a more engaging host or  better food!   I would highly recommend it to anyone.
  This choice brought us to Ben & Jacks in Old Town.    The dinner started off at the bar for a cocktail.    The Stoli and Tonic I ordered was great but again the glassware made for a short pour. When the check came, almost 22 dollars for the beer and cocktail.  I don't care how high-end you are, that's absurd pricing.   Continuing on with our drink pricing fiasco we were moved from the bar to our table where we ordered a bottle of Panna for our flat water...Always a good choice when a restaurant serves it, but as we came to find when the check came, 10 dollars was the going price for that liter of water.   I don't know if they are trying to recoup all of their start up fees in 2 weeks but at this pace they just might!   Moving on to the wine choice, it  seemed to be a little bit more reasonable as we saw a bottle of the Raymond Cabernet priced at 18 dollars a glass which would have ideally put the bottle at about 70 dollars, I say ideally because the wine list at the bar didn't have a price by the bottle for that wine ...I thought nothing of it but was definitely ready to try it and get some food in our tummies.... Things looked like they were looking up!We then moved to the table promptly after drinks and were met by our server.  No specials given outside of the Thanksgiving Day Pre-Fix menu so we just ordered off the menu.  Dad started with the Oysters on the Half Shell ($13.95.  Great flavor and plenty of horseradish and cocktail sauce to season! I wasn't so luck with my Baked Clams($13.95).  These little neck clams were 6 to the plate and just that....LITTLE!  While the flavor was decent, the portion could definitely use an adjustment. I also found it a tad overwhelming that the server moved my clams from one plate to the other and then seasoned with the extra white wine reduction.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like being served like that. Sprinkle some pepper, grate some cheese but no touching the food...Well now to dinner, and good thing I was still hungry after the appetizers because the Prime Ribeye($45.95) I ordered  was massive.  The bone-in rib eye was done perfectly medium with a Gorgonzola reduction I requested on the side.   His ordered Medium Rare and again perfectly done.  As a side we shared the German Potatoes(13.95) Kind of pricey for a side but good overall flavor.  After the meal absolutely no room to try a dessert so we asked for the check.  When it came I opened it and almost gave back all my food.  Not for pricing of the steaks but the pricing on the water and the wine.   Long and the short of it...steaks were phenomenal, Antonio the server was great but everything else was mediocre at best.  Too many staff members running around and seemed like a lot of disorganization.
Beautiful buffet decor. Love the text you when your table is ready.  But why does one go to a buffet at this price? You want amazing food.   The food is plentiful but nothing is great, it's all blah, blah with a side of blah. Sure you get crab legs(hot or chilled) sushi (too warm) dumplings (tasted frozen), pizza (cardboard) prime rib (no flavor) the rest is standard. Fried Chicken, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, blah blah blah.  Nothing was out of the ordinary, interesting or gave me that WOW I thought I would have. If I'm paying this price I want unique, non typical, amazing food.  Sorry Caesars, it's all hype and no substance.$58 was the price for dinner Sunday night. Service was top notch.
I was driving by when the outside attracted me to this place.  I totally dig this place.  There is a tiny stage that hangs over the restaurant with a great guitarist playing on this Friday night.  The food was unique and tasty.  I wasn't in a hurry and the pace of bar was relaxed so if your in a hurry do drive thru at Taco Bell.  But If your looking for an evening place to take a date and you don't want break the bank this place is great!
For some obscure reason, I start singing songs from 'Bambi' in my head when I think of 'Woodland Creatures'. I just wish the bar filled me with as much delight as Disney movies usually do!I was quite looking forward to paying this place a visit, as I'd heard lots of good things, and I finally got my chance one Saturday night. On first impressions, the owners have done a great job with the decor, both inside & out, but I think I was expecting it to be a wee bit quirkier (perhaps more woodlandy, a few more animals & maybe some unusual feature...like toilets hidden inside a tree themed bathroom or something!).The bar was well stocked, prices were normal and the staff were friendly...it just seemed to lack atmosphere for me. I'm having real difficulty putting my finger on the exact problem, but it really did make me feel a bit 'meh' (or maybe some other creature related noise).I'd like to give Woodland Creatures another try so I can hopefully update my star rating but, until then, it's only 2 stars for my night in the woods.
I don't understand the trend of celebrity chefs slapping their names on any establishment. This trend seems particularly prevalent in Vegas. Where is the quality control?Pub 1842 provides an average experience. Everything is edible but not particularly memorable or delicious. The service was fine. I will have to say that of all the restaurants we visited in Vegas, which includes Gordon Ramsay Pub, Mesa Grill, Spago, DOCG and others, the server at Michael Mina Pub was the only one to refold my napkin when I left the table. The servers have been trained here.If you find yourself at MGM with no place to eat, Michael Mina Pub would probably be fine. You'll leave feeling that you overpaid, but that happens almost everywhere in Vegas.
"Butterflies! Butterflies! Butterflies!"Butterflies are pretty much all my toddler would talk about today after our visit to Butterfly Wonderland.  I didn't really have expectations going in to check this place out; I only knew that they were newly opened and had lots of butterflies and a 3D butterfly movie.    Luckily the kids were free because my adult ticket was $18.95 and Alexa's student ticket was $16.95... kind of pricey for what it is!We found all of the employees very friendly -- especially Myrna who took our tickets and gave us our 3D glasses upon entering.  She even gave my son an extra butterfly stamp on his hand since he's kind of obsessed with both stamps and butterflies!    He also loved the fountain and fish (both indoors and out).The cafe and gift shop were satisfactory but overpriced.    If you're looking for an activity to eat up an hour or two max, and you have some extra $$ to spend, I do recommend this place...
 Too bad the curry was not that good 'Watery"....if you want to eat real Japanese curry just go across the street to Zen curry.
Went there for dinner yesterday and the Italian Beef Sandwich was so good.  Great flavor.
I had a great experience Yesterday here.  The food, wings, steak wrap, jalapeño poppers and a couple of  kid meals where whAt you would expect - good however, the server, made it especially good.  She was kind and very prompt.  She made sure our kids were taken care of and we never had to ask for anything.  She was wonderful. She was rewarded with a big compliment to the manger and a very generous tip.
I was actually kind of excited to visit this place, however my entire experience was negative. We came on a Sunday the decor was kinda cool and it was pretty full. We were seated immediately. Our waitress looked like she had something better to do and when I asked if I had soup and salad she said they didn't have that combo and that she didn't make the menu. Understandable. But her attitude never changed. My boyfriend ordered a BBQ burger and loved it and then we decided to order a pazookie.  After 30 minutes the manager came and said the pazookie was dropped on the floor and they are getting a new one. We waited another 30 mins for our new one and when it finally came we were excited to eat it. Upon diving in we moved the ice cream over and seriously found a pubic hair in our pazookie between the I've cream and cookie. Completely ruined our appetite. Because of our overall experience I will not be returning and would not recommend this place to anybody looking for an uplifting place to eat.
My company moved into a new building in Tempe yesterday and they treated us to donuts and coffee from Fractured Prune.    Not your usual boring flavors.  Very innovative and tasty.  Loved the Bold coffee too.  I hadn't heard of them before - but now that I have, I'll go back on my own.
I have been to the Waterworks Burgatory as well as the spot at Consol Arena and the food truck at Mario's Livingroom. I have enjoyed their burgers and shakes many times.  As a Waterfront "local", I waited for a while before venturing over there. New restaurant openings there always attract a huge crowd. Today, my husband and I went there for lunch at noon. It was busy but the wait was only 10 minutes. I gave my cell number to the hostess and even though I got a text to see the hostess because my table was ready, it wasn't ready when I went inside. We had to wait for them to clear and wipe the table before being seated. My brother had recommended the Espresso Love shake. I've had their hard shakes before, so I ordered that shake and so did my husband. The tequila in the shakes were overpowering. Never before have I had a Burgatory hard shake where the alcohol was so overwhelming. Even the man at the table next to us made mention of the same thing. The waitress who took our order was very nice, but one guy brought us our shakes and a completely different guy brought us our meals. I hope they tip share because other than taking our order and taking away our empty plates and things, she did little else. The special burger of today was a chorizo burger with pulled pork on top. My husband ordered that and said it was the dryest thing he had ever tasted. He made comparisons to the Sahara and the Gobi when describing this  burger. I did a Create your Own burger. I ordered a beef  burger with provolone, mushrooms, pickles and a sweet onion rub on the beef. I have to cut most all sandwiches in half and when I cut this in half, it just oozed greasy. The bottom of the wheat bun was saturated with greasy juices. Also, their assembly of the burger goes against all conventional thinking which, in this case, was NOT a good thing. They put the cold pickles against the hot provolone cheese, then the lettuce and then put the sauteed mushrooms on top of the lettuce so they fell out all over the place. Whoever cleared this burger to be served was NOT paying attention or doesn't know what they are looking at as my mushrooms were all over the basket before I even laid eyes on my burger. The sea salt and herb fries needs to drop the herbs. They don't suit the fries and they don't suit beef. The flavors clash. I had to use a lot of ketchup to cover the herb flavor. I might come back here if i'm just going to have a short bite, but not for a full meal. I was sadly disappointed with Burgatory after all my great previous experiences with them. I know they will get my business when I go to a Pens game.
Man, I love Babystacks! The Summerlin location was created such a great vibe, I was really putting some big expectations on this new location. The best part: it's literally a mile away from my house! That's a score!Just like the first location, this location is busy! On the weekends (and probably the weekdays as well) be prepared to wait! My wait wasn't bad though, just 30 minutes. There's a hostess station with some seating and lots of standing room outside. When you enter the restaurant, you'll notice lots of table top seating and some booth seating. There's big tvs for the game and some bar top seating as well. The service was awesome. Our server was such a sweet lady. She greeted us within 2 minutes and kept checking back with us. We actually got our food before the guests that sat 5 minutes before we did! Now that's efficient :)For brunch, I got the Spam Scramble for $7.95. Three scrambled eggs with diced spam, sprinkled with furikake and a garlic rice upgrade for $1.00 more. The garlic rice was cooked with furikake, oil, garlic and onions. The flavors were awesome! I love spam and love the saltiness of it, complimenting the eggs very nicely. The rice was on point, just as I remembered. The ONLY problem with this plate was the portion.  It took up only 75% of the plate. I ate everything within 2 bites. I definitely think they have bigger portions in the Summerlin location. For my side, I decided to upgrade with a babystack of Red Velvet. Red velvet pancakes, topped with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles, served with cream cheese syrup.  The cakes were moist and so flavorful, the cream cheese really made the red velvet pop out and the chocolate crumbles accented the dish very well. DEFINITELY A MUST TRY!I'm so glad this place opened by my place. I can literally come here every weekend without wasting a lot of gas. The next time I come, though, I hope they address this portion issue. Whether or not, I'm still coming back...time and time again!
