All the sandwiches are so good! My favorite is the caprese, but I also tried the caribbean jerk one, the roast beef one, the hawaiian one, the club one, the american one, some chicken caesar wrap one and others I can't remember! But seriously, for $6... so worth it!
Holy mother of sandwich heaven! I can't believe I've lived 27 years and never had the opportunity to enjoy a sandwich such as the Hawaiian BBQ. The bread is not fully cooked as it is prepared to order and sent through the oven baked to ultimate perfection. Earl, we will meet again one day. Until then I will only dream of our lunch time we shared one sunny day in Las Vegas.
HEAVENLY.I can't even describe how much I love this place.  I stop by every single time I go to vegas (which is about two/three times a year).  Although I wouldn't call this place a normal "restaurant" because of the cafeteria like line and open venue~ It is a MUST try for any visitor.  The Sandwiches, Salads and Soups are to die for!!The bread is toasted to crisp perfection and the ingredients inside compliment each other perfectly.My fave:The All-American SandwichTuna Melt SandwichThe Earl's Cobb SaladTomato SoupNot sure I'm a HUUUGE fan of the desserts, but I'm most definitely a fan of the sandwiches, salads and soups!!
worthwhile to go here if you stay near paris, cosmopolitan or bellagiosuper cheap food on the strip. $6 for a warm sandwich. I had the earl's club. The sandwich is toasted, filled with melting cheese! I will come here again
I have heard so many friends rave about Earls that I feel like I've been here a thousand times.  Finally I can put an end to all the "you've got to try Earl's" and "you've never been to Earl's?" and "dude, Earl's is amazing" because I ate at Earl's!!!  Is everyone quite satisfied now?This Earl's is in the Planet Hollywood Casino which attributes to its popularity and long lines.  I don't think there is anywhere on the strip you could find a more affordable meal unless you are completely desperate and stumble towards a fast food chain like McDonald's or Subway.  Speaking of Subway, Earl's is nothing like Subway or Quiznos for that matter.  I was somewhat expecting Earl's to be like these two popular chains but fortunately, Earl's was a few hundred notches up on the sandwich ladder.  Earl has a extremely efficient ordering and sandwich production line.  I promplty received my order within a couple minutes of payment, mind you, there was quite the crowd so the speed of execution was quite impressive and would make any VP of Operations proud.When a place is so hyped up I'm usually faced with bitter disappointment but I'm happy to say that this time, with Earl's, I wasn't disappointed.  Mind you, it wasn't a life altering experience and harps and giggling angels didn't fill my head after the first bite but overall, it was one of my best sandwich experiences.Because of all the hype, I took it upon myself to try as many sandwiches during my visit as possible so I promptly ordered the Original roast beef, the Earl's Club, the Italian and the Jerk Chicken along with a brownie, a Blue Moon Beer and a Coke.  Before you start pondering what a complete pig I am, I shared these with my group of 4 so everyone got a 1/4 sandwich each.  This was a great way to try a wide selection of their sandwiches, a prix fix Earl's sampling if you would.On to the actual sandwiches. The Original was superb.  The roast beef was juicy and flavorful, the horshradish was spicy and blended perfectly with the beef and sharp cheddar cheese.  It was light years ahead of the roast beef sandwich I had at Quiznos just a few weeks before. The Club was also very delightful with turkey and ham with fresh lettece and tomatoes.  The Italian wasn't my favorite with its Pastrami and ham combination but everyone else in my group thought it was terrific, I guess I'm not a big fan of Pastrami.  For me, the star of the show was the Jerk Chicken.  The chicken was moist and the Jerk sauce added a spicy kick to this exceptional sandwich.  The thing that made all these sandwiches special was the bread.  Only one kind of bread is served at Earl's and its their artisan white perfectly toasted.  If you believe that bread is what makes a great sandwich then Earl's should be your sandwich Mecca because you would be extremely hard pressed to find another worthy opponent.Hmmmm, I seem to have written too much....I doubt any of you will actually read to this point but for those that make it this far, thanks, I'm relieved my rambling was entertaining enough to retain your attention for this long.  I guess I'll just summerize Earl's in one last line.  If you haven't tried Earl Of Sandwich, you should listen to all these 5 star Yelp reviews and take the plunge, you'll most likely become another raver like myself.
Their sandwiches are very delicious for $5.99. I got the Italian (we also got a 10% employee discount). It measure about 8" long - it is more filling than it looks. It doesn't quite fill you up like a Subways Sandwich, but for $5.99, it's an amazing deal.The Italian is absolutely delicious. The juices are strong and the meat is fresh. It was served quickly and devoured even quicker.This place is an amazing place to eat dinner. Why spend $500 on a fancy dinner for two when the food is just as good here?
While in Las Vegas, you walk up to the craps table and you got the pass and the don't pass line. Well for me, Earl of Sandwich was definitely a "pass". I came to the Planet Hollywood location to pick up a Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich ($6) and wasn't impressed with the flavor, breading or amount of chicken. They are suppose to add a spicy jerk sauce but I couldn't taste any additional "bite". When I asked to remove the inside breading, they took a knife and made my roll paper thin compared to pulling out the breading. It's a simple concept; you order and they give you a pager when your sandwich was ready. The staff were young and didn't pay very much attention to customer service. Lots of seating and it can get very busy throughout the day. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but for $6, you can't beat a quick bite on the strip and head back to the craps tables!
AMAZING! BEST SANDWICHES HANDS DOWN!We were just here for NYE and my friend introduced us to this place. I love sandwiches that aren't greasy and that aren't completely filled with bread. This spot is it!!The bread is toasted and crunchy until the last bite, it's also very light and thin which doesn't make you feel super full. We ordered The Montague and Italian w/a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup = BOMB! The roast beef in my Montague sandwich was perfect and the soup was so yummy. Definitely hit the spot.I also tried my friends Cheese Soup and that was really good too! I started dipping my left over bread in her soup because I couldn't get enough!We're coming back here in two weeks and guess where we're going?! EARL OF SANDWICH DUH! ;]
VERY yummy! Delicious and reasonable.
Quick, great price and tasty. The breakfast BLT was just made, hot, crispy, and fresh lettuce and tomato. $3.99 it cannot beat.
I make sure I hit Earl of Sandwich up AT LEAST once per Vegas trip. I usually order The Earl's Club or The Full Montagu, but I'm going to go ahead and bet that the rest of the sandwiches on their menu are just as good. I'm foaming at the mouth just thinking about them. The ingredients are fresh. The bread is toasted to perfection. The sandwiches aren't all greased out so they feel relatively healthy to eat and you don't feel gross afterwards. Sometimes I'll get a side of Broccoli Cheese Soup w/ my meal. The soup is really good, but nothing special.There's a long line? Not uncommon. Just shut your mouth and get in line. This is the perfect to place to go after a long night of drinking and dancing at the club.
I agree with other yelpers in regretting not coming here more often. This is a very affordable place to eat in Vegas and is very delicious! My party loved it so much we came back the very next day as our last meal in Vegas.Location/parking: Located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino right across from the sports bar.Seating/wait: Quick moving line if you want to order. Better to send someone from your party to find a table during busy times.Service: Order over the counter. Sit and enjoy!Food:-Tomato soup with croutons (I asked for it on the side). This is hands down my favorite tomato soup every. EWW!!! Tomato soup. No really. I usually don't order tomato soup but I've ordered this every time I've been here. I suggest asking for croutons on the side. Otherwise, they come included in the soup and it may be soggy by the time you find a spot to sit.-Potato salad cup from fridge: it's a 2 star. It's as if you got potato salad from a super market.-Sugar cookie: pretty good/ok.-Brownie creme (looks like oreo whoopee): I thought it was ok.-The Earl's club sandwich: Amazing! Club sandwiches are usually all the same but it very god here.-Caribbean Jerk Chick Sandwich: delicious.Can't remember what the other 2 sandwiches were but all delicious.This place is so good. "Earl" of sandwiches is quite demeaning. It should be at least a Duke of Sandwiches.
What a great spot when you are craving something a little more mellow instead of the glutenous buffets that are everywhere in Vegas.  My buddy was raving about this place on the ride up from the OC and claimed that it was the best sandwich shop and blew away the quiznos, togos and subways of the world.  The place is simple... sandwiches with great flavor combinations.  I went with the original classic - roast beef with a light horseraddish sauce on a warm toasted bread... oohhh... makes me hungry now just thinking about it.
Okay so i yelped this place at home so that we can have some pretty cheap eats, because you know vegas, everything is very freaken expensive (sometimes they're good sometimes they're bad) anyways so this was our second to last meal before we leave vegas the next day, so we all got four different sandwiches.....and man were they worth every freaken penny...5.99 to be exact. HOW CAN THIS BE THE BEST AND THE CHEAPEST MEAL WE HAD?! WTF.....seriously it was sooo good that we stopped by again the next day before our drive home and got it again ho ho ho merry christmas ride home with earls of sandwich in our tummy....THE BOMB.COM!
I'm not sure what the hype is about this place. I came here expecting a lot given the large amount of 4-5 star Yelp reviews, and I left disappointed. I ordered the original because I figured that I couldn't go wrong with an original. I guess I should just not expect so much when I eat at a 4-5 star according to Yelp restaurant. The sandwich was tiny. The flavor tasted off because of the horseradish. I was so, so, so disappointed. I also got the chicken noodle soup because it was cold, and I wanted soup. That was average. I'm glad I got the soup or I'd have still been hungry after that tiny sandwich. To be fair, I was eating buffets during the earlier part of my trip to Vegas. But, I still think the sandwich could have been a lot better given all these rave reviews.
I've only been here once and I'm already hooked. In fact, I find myslef dreaming about their sandwiches the way I dream about winning the 355 megamillion lottery. The bread is buttery and crispy. The meat is so tender and flavorful and goes perfectly well with its creamy horseradish sauce. Such a simple and classic combination, but oh-so-flavorful.Earl, you are my new crush. It's a love-hate relationship. I love that it's so tasty, but I hate that there are no locations in OC. I don't need the typical partying excuse to go to Vegas, I just need Earl's.
Came in here at 3 am to get a snack after the club, really like the sandwich here. They are tasty and good for the wallet better than togos, quiznos and subway.  It is located in Planet Hollywood inside the casino at the front of starbucks. It is open 24 hours and the prices are stupid affordable. If you are saving some money on food because you want to spend your money on casinos, clubs, or whatever the heck your trying to do in Vegas.
Wow.Taking the recommendations from other yelpers, we ordered the Full Montagu, the Caprese, a broccoli and cheddar soup, and an ice cream sandwich made with Ghiradelli chocolate.Everything was amazing. The roast beef was moist and complemented the turkey in the Montagu. The bread was nicely toasted, giving a nice satisfying crunch. The Caprese had a balsamic dressing that tied the sandwich together in such beautiful harmony. Next time I'll ask for the to warm or melt the cheese a bit more; I like my cheese gooey.The broccoli and cheddar soup was like broccoli chunks in cheese soup, but somehow the flavors went well. And of course, how can you go wrong with Ghiradelli?Amazing!! Now I'm curious to see how it would've tasted if they used California Sourdough's sourdough bread... *drools*~*~I couldn't help it. We came back the 3rd time this week and why not? At $6 a sandwich and open 24 hours its probably the cheapest good eats on the strip! Here's what we've sampled so far in my preferred order.1. Full Montagu - just perfect2. Caprese - would order it extra melty next time3. Holiday - the gravy, cranberry, and stuffing is like warm Thanksgiving in my mouth4. Original 1786 - classic roast beef and horseradish5. Italian - nice flavors, but didn't jump at meBrownie creme sandwiches are like giant brownie Oreos. Must have.And if it's hot, the Brownie ice cream sandwiches are just as good.Soups are good too, nice balance, not too salty and good chunky.Did I mention the brownie sandwiches have Ghiradelli chocolate chips in them? Oh YEAH....
I'd like to call myself a sandwich connoisseur, and Earl of Sandwich definitely has some of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  It's all about the bread here - amazingly fresh and delicious.  I even went here 2 days in a row - had the Caprese (really good basalmic dressing/sauce) and Tuna melt (who knew it could be so warm and satisfying?).  Even the sides are good - tomato soup, macaroni salad, and coleslaw. Great place to stop by if you're hungry and want something quick to eat.  I would recommend going to Earl of Sandwich over Pink's.
Okay if I could I would give this 24 Hour place a 4.5 Star rating and here's why.I ended up trying this place partially because I wanted to see what the best cheap eats in Las Vegas were. So I went there one day and grabbed a late lunch, and when I took my first bite it was absolutely wonderful. So much better than any sandwich I've had in Canada. I love their full Montagu sandwich, it was tasty, delicious and of great value. (In Canada are food portions are usually smaller than the U.S, so for me the sandwich was a good size.) The bun is always crispy but not hard so that it rips the roof of your mouth. (not a fan of hard breads) and the way that everything just melds is amazingly simple yet is a melt in your mouth experience that is hard to describe.During my stay in Vegas I ate there 3 times and each sandwich has always made my stomach smile. (I remember one was Hawaiian, but I can't remember the 3rd). The only downfall is that if you are a bit of health nut then you may want to watch out for the sodium levels. I know they are quite high. But what most people may not mention is that their salads are absolutely great for the price you pay. Salads are never prepackaged and suffocating in a plastic container. They are made fresh and taste wonderful. The pricing of around 6 bucks for a salad is almost unheard of in Las Vegas. At the end if you're looking for a sandwich and salad meal for under $13 US, definitely go to Earl. You can't get better value. Considering what the cost of other meals in Vegas are, this is a great place for bachelors and people who are with a family and budget conscious.
This place is great for sandwiches.  Great price, esp considering the surrounding choices, when all you are looking for is something to eat.
Caribbean jerk sandwich was delish!  Ham and swiss was pretty good too. Prices were good. Tomato soup tasted like it came from a can. But overall it was good.
MmMMmMm Earl of Sandwich is seriously the best hot sandwich ever for $5.99!  I had the full Montagu sandwich and it was mMmMm!  It was roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, and mustard.  Delish!  The bf had the The Earl Club!  It had roasted turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato, and the amazing sandwich sauce. There was something about how the sandwich was made. Whether it was having the right proportions, or the ingredients used, or the freshly toasted bread, their sandwiches were just amazing.  If we weren't going on for a buffet later in the evening, the bf was seriously considering a second sandwich because of how much he loved it.  They also had Kona Coffee with free refills for $1.99~ Awesome!If you want a cheap, amazing sandwich, this is the place!  Actually, this is a good place for lunch anyways.  Yum Yum Yum! Thumbs up!
This place is a must have in Las Vegas, There Sandwiches are amazing. Not pricy at all, for 5.99 it kills every other sandwich place.
So where's the best place to pigout on the Las Vegas Strip at midnight when all the buffets are closed and you don't feel like eating at a Sit-Down Restaurant?  Earl of Sandwich!!  This was my third trip to the sandwich shop and I can never get tired of their awesome sandwiches.  I was seriously hungry this trip and ordered two sandwiches this time: The Full Montagu and Hawaiian BBQ.  Yes, Earl of Sandwich has officially become my Las Vegas equivalent to Ike's Place.The Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=VuMLFE1ytKYr8Nntu3irFQ) was everything I expected it to be.  A sandwich that's loaded with meat and has some kick to it.  It was very tasty!!The Hawaiian BBQ -  Grilled Chicken, Roasted Ham, Hawaiian BBQ Sauce, Aged Swiss Cheese & Fresh Pineapple (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=LSuzXyK62n2wfMV_cN69tQ).  This one really took me by surprise.  It was like biting into a Hawaiian Pizza with tangy BBQ sauce.  Very strange combination, but it surprisingly worked.Like the same cost of all their sandwiches, both of them cost only $5.99 each and then I washed everything down with Earl's Grey Lemonade.  It was a great late night pigout session for less than $17!  I will be back here again!!  Love this place!
The sandwiches are good, but not worth a cab ride here. They're hot, crispy and gooey all at the same time, but they're only a small step above a Quiznos sub.As suggested by Yelpers, my boyfriend and I got the Jerk Chicken sandwich, which was not spicy AT ALL, but still very good. My boyfriend got the Hawaiian, which I thought was better than the Jerk Chicken for flavor.What they have on their side is the price, but not if you have to take a cab to get here. If you're in the hotel, this is a perfectly good no-frills place to grab a sandwich.
Best Sandwiches in the world and i am not kidding! Too bad they only have a few locations throughout the USA but who cares! ITS THE BEST IN THE WORLD! I eat at Earl's at least 3 times every vegas trip!I Will begin reviewing each sandwich shortly...Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich:My personal favorite on the menu! I love the banana peppers and the right amount of spicyness of this sandwich. I even add Tabasco Sauce to kick it up a little bit! This is a must have if you have never been to Earl before.  MY PERSONAL FAVORITE!Italian Sandwich:Italian sandwiches are great wherever you go but this certainly is one of the best sandwiches on the menu. Make sure you eat it right away while its hot and order the delicious salt n vinegar chips to go along with it!Tuna Sandwich:One of the simplest sandwiches on the menu with it having only 2 ingredients on the inside, Albacore tuna and swiss cheese.  The bread is of course what makes this sandwich but every sandwich is served hot and this hot tuna sandwich was SUPERB!The Original:If you're into Horse Raddish and Roast Beef this is awesome! I also love the earl's spicy mustard they put to add some kick to it!Earl's frozen Lemonade: EXCELLENT! Just like the frozen lemonade you buy at disneyland. Cheap too!Caprese Sandwich:If you've ever been to italy or just had mozarella and tomato Caprese or just enjoy something without meat, this sandwich does the trick. Too bad they dont make this smaller, because it would be a great appetizer.Kono Coffee:Not bad, I prefer walking to Coffee Bean inside miracle mile!
Awsome place to grab a sandwhich, I had to go twice while I was in Las Vegas. Great food and firendly service.
This place serves the best quick service sandwiches. I'm surprised there aren't more locations. This particular location is open 24 hours. Awesome location for people watching. I've been wanting to try it since I first saw an Earl of Sandwich at Walt Disney World. I finally got my chance this past trip. I liked it so much I went back the next night. My favorite items were the tomato soup and the holiday sandwich. The holiday sandwich was their special. I wish they'd serve it year-round. I've been craving Earl of Sandwich lately. Someone please open a franchise in Southern California!
I was staying at Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile mall is right next door.  Rather that eat a "food court" lunch I decided to try the Earl of Sandwich, which is at the front of the Miracle Mile entrance.I ordered a tuna melt, which I wanted cold.  The sandwich came out hot - the manger explained that the bread had to be baked and he offered to remake the sandwich, bake the bread, then add the ingredients.Rather than wait, I went ahead with the tuna melt and I was pleasantly surprised.  The bread was excellent, and the tuna and cheese inside was very good.  This is also one of the less expensive meals I have had in Vegas - all in all a good deal and highly recommended.
My favorite sandwich shop at my favorite hotel! I have tried most of the sandwiches, but my favorite is the Montagu. Gotta love that roast beef! I love coming here when I start the day in Vegas, but it's best enjoyed after a night of dancing at the finest clubs on the strip. I love that they can make a presentable, delicious, decently-priced sandwich without making me wait forever-even when there is a line snaking around the Planet Hollywood casino. Try it while you're in Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
This is my GO-TO eatery in LV. I seriously cannot stay away. I think at one point I ate here 3 or maybe 4 times in one day. You can't go wrong. I, however, always ALWAYS seem to order the tuna melt. I've ordered several other items, all equally as good as one another, but the tuna melt is what stands out for me.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to try and smuggle some home, although, they may all miraculously disappear before my plane has landed.
The bread they use at this place it out of this world. The meat on the sandwiches are super juicy and for being on the strip the price is Awesome. Also check out "Fresh Grill and Bar" which is just a few shops down (also a greeaat deal)
Conveniently located in Planet Hollywood, right by the entrance to the Miracle Mile shops and close enough to the casino. I enjoyed the original 1762. The hot sandwich didn't have much (roast beef, cheddar cheese, and horseradish sauce with no veggies), but it was perfect the way it was. Juicy roast beef that wasn't overcooked with the cheese melted right on top. Their coffee is quite good too. The place is open 24 hours, so it's a great place to pick up a meal at any time of day. Free wi-fi too!
Ate here twice and was never disappointed. Maybe because I got the same sandwich...BUT they were both good nonetheless! The bread was perfectly toasted and buttery. Mmmmm! I got the Club and it was the best club I've ever had. I want some NOW! You know what else? They are open 24 hours! So grab a Fat Tuesday and hop over to Earls. You won't be dissapointed.
gross gross gross,my friend and i ordered the asian chicken salad, andit was gross, so gross that i considered taking it back and have them refund my money. that gross.the best part of this meal was the water I got, due to dehydration from drinking,
I don't really like sandwiches but I LOVE the Earl of Sandwich sandwiches.The first time I was here, it was 3am and I had just flown into Las Vegas and my tuna melt was delicious. Judging by the long line, many people agreed.The second time I was here, it was midday and the place was just as packed. The cashiers were really nice and friendly. Once again, I had to order the tuna melt. I love getting the sandwich and it's so hot it burns your fingers. I know it's definitely fresh. I take a bite; the cheese is so smooth, the bread is soft, and the tuna is delicious. Man! I loved the sandwich so much! I was so sad when it was gone. I am definitely coming back.My friend also decided to get the Earl Grey lemonade, which was surprisingly really good! I'm going to get that too when I come back to Vegas.
Only $6!!I can rave as much as I want, but I think the overwhelmingly positive reviews say it all. These sandwiches are great! No skimping on meat, toppings, toasted hot bread, speeedy service. A+++++
Okay this place is really just 3.5 stars in my book but being open 24 hours a day, located in my hotel, and cheap gives it an extra half of star. Theres nothing spectacular about these sandwiches but it is an excellent value. We tried the original, full montagu, and one with turkey and cranberries that was bomb. I wanted to like this place more and was expecting more after all the great reviews. It was tastey and soaked up some booze at 5am.
Every sandwich I've tried here was amazing. And trust me: I hate paying for sandwiches that I can surely do myself...but, they are just toooooo effing delicious to pass up.TUNA MELT: O-M-G soooo effing good. Especially with their potatoe salad.The cannonball: meatballs with marinara sauce make it like pasta in bread.The Original (roast beef, cheese) and The Earl (turkey, bacon, etc) are both savory and rich.Best thing is they are open 24 hours. When I was here for New Year's Eve, they were a savior in the hunger department at 2am.
I thought the sandwich as a whole was "eh".Highlights and things of note: Bread is really goodBread is warmPrice was under $10Sandwich is on the small sideLocated in Planet Hollywood near east entranceOrder and pick up
The All-American was like a Thanksgiving dinner in your mouth.The Full Montagu had some good beef.Hot sandwiches in Las Vegas for under $6? Nice!Chips are cheap too. Delicious soup that just hits the spot.This place is easily a Vegas hot spot. Just goes to show the glitz isn't always necessary to be infamous in its own right.This place has definitely saved lives from becoming another victim of the Vegas mess.
Okay. So here's the deal.You go to a few different sandwich shops on different days to pick up some goods to indulge your nom nom feeling. Say you like the BLT or the Club and that's what you get every time, regardless.  You choose these because you focus on the what's being sandwiched between the two pieces of bread.  The bread is seriously just some edible cushion to keep your hands from getting messy from eating the goodness of what's inside the sandwich.  It's the law of sandwich bread.You come in Earl of Sandwich and that law is completely broken. You can get ANY sandwich, and despite which one you get, it WILL be a winner.  The highlight of each sandwich IS the bread. It's perfectly toasted on the outside and warm and fluffy in the inside. It truly disgusts me to even think about how beautiful sandwich bread could be. A dinky picture and even this review can barely describe the wonders of their bread. You're probably thinking, "Damn, this girl is seriously trippin' about the bread", and you know what? Yeah, I am. It's seriously that good. Okay, thats enough on bread.The Full Montagu is very delicious and the roast beef was tender.The Club tasted so fresh and the bacon gave it a nice crunch.The Carribean Jerk is a must have if you want loads of flavor in your sandwich.I've also tried some of their wonderfully made soups:Tomato Soup- was thick, creamy, and had croutons in it. My boyfriend ordered the food while I was away in one of the stores, and the soup was sitting for awhile. I came back, all sad faced, because the croutons were going to be soggy.... or atleast that's what I thought. It was 100% crunchy and the soup was at a perfect hot temperature. If you like tomato soup, it's a MUST have.Broccoli Cheese Soup- was also very creamy and flavorful. It was thick and chunky, but not too thick where it had the consistency of porridge ( a red flag for me to send it away ). Expect to stand in a line during hungry hours; You get a pager when your food is ready. Trust me, its worth the wait! The sandwiches are your ordinary sandwich prices and soups are also well priced. I honestly believe it tastes like a million bucks though.... nothing compares to these sandwiches.One of the best parts is, is that my hotel was a 3 minute walking distance from Planet Hollywood ( @ the Marriot ) and I literally could walk here ANY part of the day/night ( 24-hour service!!!! ) to grab a nomster sandwich.I'm seriously coming here EVERY time I visit Vegas!PS--Beware of staring at random people in that area, you may get punched to the face and knocked down to the ground. My friend did, atleast. HAHAHAHAHHA. Sucks.
If you're simply looking to fill your gullet, without any bells and whistles, then this is the place.  The turkey sandwich and chips really hit the spot.
1+ for serving delicious hot sandwiches1+ being open for 24 hours1+ efficiency even with long lines1+ satisfying portions1+ offering free soup on the weekend I visited :) I had such a great visit here after reading about all the reviews. The sandwiches are all $5.99 and for a decent portion too. The sandwiches are reallyt good but the thing that sticks out most about it is the bread. Its soft like a ciabatta bread and just ties in all the flavors. I tried the Full Montague and it was soooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It had roast beef, turkey, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and though it sounds simple, the hot sandwich satisfies, ESPECIALLY for such a cheap price!It was so good that I just HAD to come back 4am in the morning to grab another one for my bf to try back home. STILL delicious!
We stayed at PH towers...which is in very close proximity to Earl of Sandwich.  One of the people in our group also stayed there last time he was in Vegas, and the one request he made for this trip was that we eat at Earls.  Few things you should know.  Each sandwich is only $5.99.  It is open 24 hours.  And it is RIDONKULOUSLY good.Seriously.  I'm not joking around - if you are anywhere near PH, you MUST give this place a try.  If you like sandwiches in general, or hot sandwiches specifically, or just delicious bread - you won't go wrong.The one sandwich our group didn't like was the Hawaiian...they said it was sort of sour.  The faves were probably the full montague & the italian.  YUM YUM YUM!!!
Best sandwich place i've been to. Although I may be a little bias since I was starving when I stopped by this place. I heard it was good so I thought I'd give it a try. It is open 24 hours---how perfect! It's cheap! About $6 for a sandiwich---it might look a little small but it's stuffed with food so it'll be sure to fill you.The line is a bit long, but they go through it pretty quickly...I got the tuna melt and it was just amazing. Soft bread, chewy, cheesy, warm---everything you'd want in a sandwich! They give you buzzers to hang out to while your sandwich is being prepared, and there is not much of a wait so you'll get your food fast!I definitely recommend stopping by here! Amazingly delicious, affordable food...open 24 hours? What are you doing still reading this review? Go!
The best food at the best prices at the best location in Sin City.Forget the buffet food and waiting in long lines.  The food here is unbelievably good.  I wish there was one in my neighborhood.  Try it and you'll see what I mean.
I honestly don't even think this needs another review, but I have to say..... AMAZING!!!! I'm still craving it!!!
Alright my very first review! And what a way to start it off with this place. I'm a big time sandwich girl and earls is the best I've ever had....so far. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it was deeee-lish! I went to the location at the planet Hollywood las Vegas. Everything about the sandwich was amazing up until the very last bite. I craved it so much, that when I got back home to SD I went straight to panera just to fulfill my cravings. I hope one will open up in SD soon!
Delicious! Came at lunch time & line was pretttty long, but totally worth the wait. Came on National Soup Day & got a coupon for a free creamy tomato soup w/ fresh cheesy croutons! I had the Earl Club, which was good, but a bit too salty cause of the bacon. The next day I came back the next night after XS (cuase they're open 24 hrs, haaay- late night drunk munches) & got the All American with turkey, buttermilk ranch & cranberries. It sounds a bit weird, but it was delicioussss! I've heard that this place compares to Nor Cal's Ikes Sandwiches, but it's a bit different. There's not as many to choose from, but it is equally delicious. A must try if you get the chance! Oh & all sandwiches are only $5.99, score!
A cheap mouth-watering hot sandwich that's open 24 hours? It can't get any better than that. I had the pleasure of going here after clubbing at around 4AM and it was heaven in my mouth. I had the Tuna melt and its the best one i've had by far. They make their own bread and it just kills me that it has to disappear into my belly.  It was soo good that we ate here again the next day.  This place is affordable and goes to show that you can still enjoy vegas even if you are on a tight budget. I wish they open one up in California preferably in Norcal!
Tasty and AffordableSandwiches and the likes served hot -- a late night haven for intoxicated tourists
Open 24 hrs and awesome sandwiches all day...what is not to like? The sandwiches are great but have to be eaten right away. I tried taking one back to my room and it just wasn't the same. All of the sandwiches are toasted to order and you have to wait a minute for them to come up....but its worth it. Get there before 11am and you'll get to try one of the breakfast sandwiches...the BLT was delicious. The lunch line got a little crazy but they got through it pretty quickly. Its certainly "fast" food.
An EXCELLENT sandwich shop in vegas and a great place to grab a bite to eat to fuel your tank, but not stuff you. We got the sandwiches quick style and it's a pretty cheap place to eat! VISIT VISIT VISIT!
At our recent Vegas trip, we stayed at the PH Westgate Towers and this joint was situated nicely in the hotel.  It will now be a staple for us every time we're in need of a good sandwich.  We tried the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu (both hot).  I don't know what they put in their sandwiches...maybe crack (j/k)??  The sandwiches were awesomely delicious!  My only complaint is that I wished they were bigger!
SO FREAKING GOOD! Honestly the best BLT I've ever had. When we go to Vegas this is always one of the first places we have to eat. It's cheap and really good.
What is there left to say when 653 other Yelpers have already spilled the beans about the Earl of Sandwich? There was only one thing left to do which was to see what the hype was all about myself. The place is located inside the Planet Hollywood across from the sports book. It's open 24/7 for all you lovely belligerent and drunk, 5 inch heels in hand meaning blackened Hobbit feet, crusted yack on chin folks. The Earl just might be your savior.For a measly $5-6, you can get a nice, freshly made and toasted sandwich. There are many options to choose from such as the classic club to the Hawaiian bbq. Of course there are other items on the menu like their rich tomato soup (I recommend the croutons on the side), salads, wraps, and so forth. The word about the Earl of Sandwich is out so don't go bezerk if you see a pessimistic long line. Their efficient staff will keep the lines steadily moving and it shouldn't take too long for the orders to be called. The only downfall is possibly the seating for it may fill up quickly.On our most recent trip to Sin City, we stopped by Earl's twice due to the fact that we stayed at PH and so it was always a short walk away. On a random note, I would like to state that for some odd reason I enjoyed the sandwiches from Earl the next morning after it was left out over night more than straight out of the oven. Perhaps it was the hangover munchies?Give the Earl a hollar if you're ever in the (702) area code.
The Earl of Sandwich is a great sandwich place in Planet Hollywood.  It's fast, convenient, and affordable.  I like the way they toast the bread and when you bite into your sandwich you get this nice, satisfying crunch.  For those of you walking down the strip and is in need for something very cheap and good go visit The Earl of Sandwich.
huh.... #1 on "Hot on Yelp" on the Yelp homepage for Las Vegas. I was expecting some expensive 5-star restaurant. But when I think about it, Earl of Sandwich is something I always crave on my Vegas trip.Not only is it the best drunk food (opened late), it's also perfect for lunch and dinner. It's located in the casino part (not the mile shops) of Planet Hollywood. Every time I come here, my go-to sandwich is the cannonball. Delicious bread, meatballs, marinara, and gooey cheeeeese. Simple, yet gorgeous.My boyfriend and I shared one as an after-club snack and on the last bite of my boyfriend's sandwich, he dropped the last meatball on the floor. In all honesty, it was the saddest part of our night. So sad that we talked about it the next morning, very true story.It's that good, man.
I've eaten here three times on three separate occasions when I'm in Vegas.Each time I come here ... AMAZING. The artisan bread that they use for their hot sandwiches is simply divine. I've tried the Veggie Sandwich - very, very fresh with an almost Mediterranean taste.The Full Montagu is my absolute favorite sandwich as of right now. They juicy and thinly sliced turkey breasts as well as roast beef just melts in your mouth as you bite into crisp lettuce and tomatoes. Top it off with some extra Dijon mustard & tabasco sauce and I am in H.E.A.V.E.N.The sandwiches are ~$5.99I sometimes get a bowl of Tomato soup (which looks red on the screen, but comes out orange when you take off the lid). I think they mix a lot of cheddar cheese with the tomato soup because it's super creamy & rich. They put a bunch of croutons in the soup bowl so when you open the lid they are swimming in front of your face =)AHHH Earl of Sandwich.... until we meet again.
Damn good sandwiches.  Only $5.99, and they're fast, too.  I eat there every time I stay at Planet Hollywood.  Full Montagu is great, Caribbean Jerk Chicken is my favorite. It's right across the hallway from the sportsbook.  Try it, you'll be hooked.
Thank you Earl. You were open 24hours for both my drunkeness and my hangover. Your sandwiches are warm and soft, yet crunchy and fresh. The food wasn't too heavy but it was filling. The line goes by fast, the soups are amazing, and the brownies hit the spot. We need more sandwich places like this and less places like Subway..
Pros: Tomato soup, BLT, open 24 hoursCons: Kinda pricey for a sandwichCame here on my last trip to Vegas and I'm pretty impressed. Although, they're known for their roast beef, I ended up ordering their BLT sandwich.  The bacon was nice and smokey. What really makes the sandwich, however, is the bread. It's nice and toasted. Booyah.I also ordered a tomato soup that also hit the spot.Although I ate here during dinner, they're also open 24 hours. If I were drunk and looking for a late night bite, I'd definitely come by here again.
Here's a math question for everyone. If I was in Vegas for 3 days and went to Earl of Sandwich 3 times, how many sandwiches did I eat? A. 3B. 4C. This question can not be solved.D. A & CE. B & CBrings back painful memories of the SATs, huh? The correct answer is E! Yes, this question is totally ambiguous but, it's also true that I ate 4 sandwiches in 3 visits. And as icing on the cake, I had a bite of my friends Tuna Melt. I've had half the sandwiches on their menu and I've never had one I didn't like. It's an addiction and really the BIGGEST reason I would continually stay at PH Towers. And at $6.48 (tax included) a pop, you can save the money, eat like a king or queen, and then blow your new found savings on Wheel of Fortune. But seriously, these are the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire existence on Earth. Period.
A 5 star review for a sandwich shop?  YES!  As far as sandwiches go, this is the place I fantasize about.  And I always come crashing down in flames as I realize that I live 4 hours away from Las Vegas...it is a very, very sad moment.  The Jerk Chicken: So creamy, and there is such dynamic flavor.  I just ate it up! (Pun very much intended) Cannonballs (meatball sub): excellent.  If you like meatball subs, you'll like their's.  I'm on a mission to try more.  I encourage all you yelpers and readers to try this the next time you're on the strip in Las Vegas.  Planet Hollywood.
One of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I love that there still exists a place on the strip to get cheap, quality food. All of their sandwiches and salads are $5.99 and packed with quality and flavor. Best of all, they're open 24 hours! Luckily for me, I stayed in the Westgate Towers at Planet Hollywood so we were only a stone's throw away from Earl's. Among my group of friends, I bet we hit this place up at least 5 times a day. My favorite is the club sandwich. The bread, ingredients, and special sandwich sauce they put in all meld together perfectly. Their chicken caesar salad is also delicious (croutons were on the salty side but no matter). Yes, the line can get long but it goes by really fast. Clubs, gambling, and other shenanigans are fun but Earl's is definitely gonna be my reason for returning to Vegas.
OMG so good!! i was in vegas for two days and I had this twice AND i bought a couple to fly home with me! Loved their tuna melt, the prices were cheap and the bread is AH-MAZING! they need to open a branch over here in LA!
I will always make time to go here when I'm in Vegas since it's the CLOSEST to me! Ohh fresh hot sandwiches so flavorful and so perfectly toasted! The price is amazing too. Totally affordable after you've lost it all in Vegas. The warmth of the sandwiches inside your tummy will make you feel much much better. I want some now that I'm thinking about it. Oh, I ordered the signature sandwich as well as the meatball one. Next time I go I'm going to try something different having faith that it won't disappoint.
So for the first food trip of LV 2011 is.................Earl's! Huh?  Not a buffet???!  Nope...we were hungry, in a rush and wanted to spend less than $10.Located right in the Miracle Mile Shops and PH Casinos....I'm glad I get to experience this place the first chance we get because every time we walked past them since...it's been long lines and packed packed packed.  The lines are so ridiculous long that my buddies and I termed it....Loser Lane....hehe....where you lost big in gambling....trying to get cheap food/kill time at the same time :)I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich with horseradish cream sauce and veggies.  I tend to always order the Roast Beef at every new sandwich shop I go to...so this place is no different.  Add into the fact that most of the crew ordered their special or the Italian....so I chose to be different.All I can is...my sandwich is juicy..tender...tastes great with the creamy horseradish sauce all for under $10.  I wished the portion was bigger though...and...well....let's just say the rest of the night of drinking hit me harder than it should because there's not enough food in my tummy :(Overall, pretty good sandwich to check out if you are sick of buffets, trying to kill time and don't want to gamble.
If you had to eat at only 1 place in Las Vegas, this would be it.  Located conveniently in Planet Hollywood, it's the best $5.99 (add $2.99 if you want a cup of soup) you'll spend in Vegas.   I am so in love with Earl of Sandwich (and I've eaten there only twice) I'm questioning whether I have enough funds to open my own franchise.   But it's just a sandwich you say?  Yes, it is, but it is totally delicious.  The sandwiches come wrapped in gold foil, and it's like a hot little brick, all ready for your consumption.
This is the perfect late nite food spot and very convenient since we were staying at Plant Hollywood. Open 24 hours. Great sandwiches!! My 2 favorites: 1)The Original - Roast beef, Cheddar cheese and creamy horseradish sauce 2) Full Montagu - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce
EXCELLENT. I've been here twice at two separate times. I love it, the food was delicious. :)I ordered a Caribbean Jack and famous Earl Sandwich. So if you need to pick something to order, I would highly recommend those two. :DThe sandwiches here beats Subway by a landslide. So forget Subway or Micky D's when you get Earl's!
Best sandwich in Las Vegas! I ate there twice recently. You won't find a better sandwich for $5.99.
Was in Vegas over the weekend, for 2 days and 2 nights, I had 3 different Esandwiches and all were superb!
Awesome place to grab a great sandwich on the Strip. This is an inexpensive option if you're in Vegas for vacation and very filling!
ONE OF THE BEST SANDWICHES I'VE EVER TASTED.I cannot get enough of the BREAD. I mean, that's not the only part of the sandwich but if you're a big bread fan like I am, you will definitely die for the bread. Overall, it's a great place to grab a sandwich for only 6 BUCKS. I wish I knew about this place since day 1 of our trip because I would of been having a cheap but delicious sandwich everyday.
I basically lived off of Earl of Sandwich this past weekend in Vegas...and well pretty much every other Vegas trip as well. Amazing, hot sandwiches at any hour of the day or night for just $5.99! The "Full Montagu" is delish! Add some tobasco, or steak sauce on it and your drunk muchies will be very satisfied.
Open 24 hoursI have to emphasize how amazing and great this place is. Best sandwiches ever. Speddy moving service. GREAT GREAT GREAT.LOCATION:-Located in Planet HollywoodFOOD:- Tuna melt .. Came out HOT and the swiss was cheesy and melty but not overy cheesy! the tuna melt was perfect !- Tomato soup .... THE BEST soup i've EVER had it was hot and creamy and thick. Perfect!PRICES: - CHEAP AND AFFORDABLE. I will NEVER miss a chance to eat here ever again. I have to come here at least once every vegas trip from now on!   SERVICE: - One line, order and the pay at the end of the line. It was quick and easy. There is a lady at the end of the line that gives you a menu to look like.
I'm breaking away from the herd here to say I've had better. I had the original. The bread was awesome, but the roast beef so rare it bled into the bread which was just gross. Ick. Just a small amount of cheese and sauce. Granted it was cheap and convenient, but after reading all these reviews I was expecting a party in my mouth and it just didn't happen.I was glad to see I could get a beer with my sandwich but it almost doubled the cost of my lunch for a bottle. Desserts were wrapped in plastic, mostly brownies and the tops of cupcakes (I forget what they called them) but they looked just like the brownies.The men in our group loved this. The women all felt like I did. Perhaps it's a man thing?
WHERE'S THE EXTRA CREDIT BUTTON TO GIVE THIS PLACE SIX STARS. yes... i want to give extra credit. tried it for the very first time in vegas last weekend... figured "hey, gotta try the original sandwich". One bite into it, i was like, "HOLLLLLLLLLLY cow, that is one good roast beef sandwich" (get the bad joke? get it?) lame jokes aside, if ppl r looking for something quick, YUMMY, fast, convenient, YUMMY and YUMMY, this place is the place to go on the strip. Location is perfect for people staying at the Cosmopolitan for it is right across the strip. Highly recommended for people visiting vegas.
Earl of Sandwich is a pretty stellar sandwich place that's very, very good. But I have to stay I was still expecting a little bit more judging from all the praise that it was getting. Besides, four stars does mean that I'm a fan, right? Located in Planet Hollywood, it was one of the few places that I ate at during the weekend we spent in Vegas, and among everything, it was probably the best. The place is open 24 hours so that alone, earns my respect.Surprisingly, even with the long line, it moves pretty rapidly. For larger groups, better have someone reserve your table. Even then, people demand chairs like they belong to them so you may be treated to some rude displays of human beings being human beings. I got a Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich, which is basically a chicken sub with spicy sauce, red peppers and banana peppers. For the most part, the sub was pretty fresh but occassionally, I would get half a pepper that was stale or slightly crusty. I wasn't sure whether it was just dry or toasted too much. Either way, that's a no-no.Sandwiches run at about $6-8. Earl of Sandwich is a fitting name, it's definitely no King.
I've come here on every Vegas trip for one simple reason..BOMB ASS $6 SANDWICHES!! I think I've tried 6-7 of their sandwiches and 2 of their wraps; everything hit the spot. My favorites were the "Original 1762" and "Full Montagu." The horseradish and mustard sauces, respectively, really brought the flavors of the sandwiches together. But let's be honest, you cant go wrong with any of the other sandwiches they have. Thank God that they're open 24 hours; this place makes for some good drunk food. But it doesn't matter the level of inebriation you're in EAT HERE!
I was so excited to come to Vegas just for this place. My friends that have been here before raved about it, so this was at the top of my list of places to try in Vegas. I couldn't believe the sandwiches are only $5.99! WOW! I had a bit of difficulty deciding between several sandwiches, but my veteran friends were telling me to try the Full Montagu. So I did. IT WAS AMAZING! The roast beef was really tender, the bread was toasted perfectly (I hate soggy sandwich bread), the ingredients were fresh, and amazing flavor! I finished the whole thing...and such occurrences are few and far between. I wasn't even that hungry! That's how good the sandwich was. I will DEFINITELY come back again to try a different sandwich. Plenty of seating is a plus; our group was rather large and we combined a few tables.I was rather sad that most of the places in Vegas don't have free wifi...but Earl of Sandwich has it's own FREE wifi! COOL! Thank you EOS, I will be back!
Maybe it was because I was a bit buzzed when I ate at this place or maybe it was because I got drunk off my ass after eating at this place or maybe it was just the sound of chips shuffling, coins banging and slot machines beeping (?)...all I can say is I don't remember much about this place.BUT, what I do remember was this place has AWESOME sandwiches.  I LOVE sandwiches and this place is one of the best ever, especially for the price you get!  Just go here, even if you just downed your whole life savings at the pleasure pit because those girls totally enticed you to gamble, go here and be happy.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! I got the chicken caesar wrap last time, but everything on their menu is excellent. I stole a bite from my friend's tuna melt and I've been dreaming about it ever since...I might just have to take a trip to Vegas to get my fix.Is it just me or did anyone notice the significance of "Earl of Sandwich?" The word "earl" is associated with "sovereign prince," "ruler of designated territory," "duke," etc (according to Wiki)...Like John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester. HELLO?! Is it just me or is this revelation AWESOME? Earl of Sandwich...the person still remains nameless, but nevertheless, this mysterious person is still the earl...of sandwich.UPDATE:My friend just told me that there actually was an Earl of Sandwhich, Edward Montagu, of Sandwhich, Kent, England and I sorta, kinda, maybe, slightly feel stupid, but whatevers. Earl of Sandwhich still rocks!
Mr. Reliable. This place is amazing. Late night snack at it's finest. It's not too big, it's not too small but it's juuuuuuuust right. In my two day stint in the area I had "The Original", "Italian" and the "Caribbean Jerk Chicken" which was my favorite. The bread is perfectly toasted the fillings were just perfectly seasoned, juicy and flavorful. To top it off it's open 24/7. I mean damn if my room was next to it I would be sneaking a snack every couple of hours. Enough can't be said about this place so I'll keep it short since I'm since yelpers all seem to agree already.
OMG, you have to try the "Holiday Sandwich." It's got turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo, and gravy. It's a yummy Thanksgiving feast slapped between toasty bread. Beware of the food coma aftereffects. Shame though that the sandwich is not a regular menu item. It's only offered during the holidays (hence the name :P )
Every time I come to Vegas, I really look forward to these sandwiches. They're simple, they're affordable, they're open late and they're delicious!I was first introduced to these sandwiches when my family and I were exploring Plant Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops and the then "new" PH Westgate condos. We stopped by here after one of the hostess recommended it and I've been a fan ever since.I enjoy the variety they offer, especially on their signature hot sandwich menu. I've had a couple and they are all tasty. These are a couple of my favorites, depending on what food mood I am in.For a tasty well-rounded sandwich, I'd go with The Full Montagu (Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce).For something tangy and sweet, I'd go with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce).For something healthy and light I'd go with the Caprese (Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomato, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette).One of my favorites remains the Italian because of my love for salami. (Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato (Peppers Optional).A great place to eat, no matter what time of the day.I'd also recommend their ice cream brownie sandwich because the brownie "halves" are rich and filling.
Cheap for vegas, soup and sandwich filled me up =)the earl grey lemonade... not as sweet as i want it to be but still pretty good for a tea
Since I haven't tried all the sandwiches here, this review is just for their hawaiian chicken sandwich. The sauce was way too sweet when combined with the pineapple. The sandwich felt one note. But for $6, its not too shabby.
excellent for sandwiches, quick service.  Jerk chicken was really good.
Damn, I was so not ready for this.My taste buds we're definitely fried, the last thing that I wanted was a sandwich.  I didn't want to chew anything, I'd much rather prefer soup if I was to eat anything at all.  My friend insisted on walking (another activity I was dreading) to PH to get Earl of Sandwich though.  FML.I'd passed this place many times before, not really caring for a sandwich in Vegas.  I can always remember it being busy though.  Now I know why.  Even with my busted taste buds, I could still taste that this sandwich was definite hangover goodness.  The tortilla soup, while a little too thick for me, still had flavor and went down easy on the throat.All of this for only about $13 bucks with a drink.  I'm going to have to come back at the beginning of a Vegas trip next time.
I loved it the first time and intended to give this place 5 stars since it was good and I ate it two days in a row. This time I feel like there was a lack in quality for the sandwich. I ordered 4 Earl's club sandwiches, and none of them had lettuce -NADA! It also had too much bacon, so the sandwich was wayyy too salty. Eh I am officially sick of this place. I will not crave for it next time.
I think I eat here at least 3 times during every Vegas trip. It's especially helpful that they are open 24 hours which is perfect for drunk munchies at 3..4...5 AM. Love the toasted soft bread and how the sandwiches are consistent. I personally like the classic Earl's Club but I haven't tried a bite of one yet that wasn't good.Beware that some pools don't let you bring your leftover food inside! So instead of sacrificing half of your sandwich to the trash you better eat the whole thing asap.
Casino food locations can be hit and miss and this Earl of Sandwich location is always a hit with me.Located in Planet Hollywood, this was a convenient dinner choice after a long day working (Yes, you read that right) and not wanting to venture far for food.  I had just checked into the hotel and taken my bags upstairs and wanted to go somewhere easy and super casual.  This is a walk up and order kind of deal and it's sandwiches, easy 'nuf.They say, "You are what you eat" and I have been told I'm All American on more than one occasion.  This sandwich is served hot with turkey, buttermilk dressing, cranberries, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato.  I'm not a huge fan of hot sandwiches (read: Quizno's) but everything coming off the conveyor belt smelled really good, so I took a chance.I'm glad I did.  This has become one of my favorite sandwiches and I ate here the following night as well.  The service was quick and the location was clean and seated many people.  This will be a dedicated dining spot anytime I stay at Planet Hollywood or happen to be close by and hungry.
My friends and I just finished shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. After a few hours of shopping, we were all starving, and needed to find a restaurant that was quick and easy. Because it was New Year's Eve, we knew that every restaurant and buffet would be packed.  So we decided to give Earl of Sandwich a chance.Gotta tell you...ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE MADE IN MY LIFE. I ordered the Hawaiian Sandwich, which consisted of ham, chicken, pineapple, and barbecue sauce. It was satisfying!! Even though Earl of Sandwich falls into the category of a quick place to eat, it did not have the fast-food quality food. I was so happy with my dinner that I convinced my friends to come back a few hours later (around 2AM). The sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are great for after drinking....believe me.I LOVE EARL!!Personal favorite:Hawaiian Sandwich
Great value for a hot toasted sandwich!  Great for lunch, even better after a night of partying - it's open 24 hours!Really enjoyed the original - tender, pink roast beef with cheddar and creamy mild horseradish.  Walk-up and order - for $5.99 you won't be disappointed.  I love how all the sandwiches are priced the same.
You definitely have to bookmark this place if you plan on coming to Vegas.  Everything is way further away than it seems when walking, which makes you tired, cranky, and hungry.  The last thing you want to be doing in that state is figure out where to eat; because inevitably, you'll end up paying $20 bucks for a crappy sandwich.  So save yourself the disappointment of overspending on awful food; keep this place in the back of your mind.  At ~$6 for delicious sandwich, you won't be let down.The Italian has all the deliciousness you would expect with salami, capicola, cooked ham, Italian dressing, and cheese.  The big surprise for me was the All American: Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries,cheddar, lettuce, and tomatoes.  I thought to myself, "Cranberries?  Really?"  Oh yes, really. They push the sandwich over the edge of mediocrity and into the realm of hunger satisfying deliciousness.  Open 24/7, you'll never have an excuse again to pay for crappy food in Vegas.
I stayed at Planet Hollywood two weeks ago and discovered this beautiful 24 hour "Bodega" (24 hour deli shop in NYC).  I had about a couple sandwiches, just as my friend Melissa previously commented did as well.  I came here after partying and it definitely hit the "spot.!" The best thing- prices were about the same as Subway, but way better!!!!
Best sandwich ever! All American is delish!
I don't know what happened. Maybe I caught them on a bad day. Maybe I just have higher standards.As soon as I got there, I felt that I was rushed to order. This was my first time there and didn't get much chance to look at the menu before my order was taken so fast that I didn't have a chance to add anything else on. When I got to the cashier I was able to add on the other items I wanted but with a lot of attitude from the girl at the register.The food came pretty quickly, which was nice, and the sandwich was really good. The tomato soup, however, was really the worst I've had anywhere with very stale tasting croutons.Not too bad of a place to eat, but the staff definitely need to work on their attitude and customer service. (That being said, I seem to run into a lot of this in Vegas. Maybe it's just the customary atmosphere...)If you get a chance, I would highly recommend Panera Bread instead.
I love this place so much, I came here twice in 2 days. And brought 8 sandwiches home with me for friends.BLT - So good! So much bacon. :)Ham & Swiss - Yummy, too. But I didn't like the mustard with it.Original - BOMB.orgHam, Egg & Cheese Breakfast sandwich - I wish I had one for breakfast again this morning. :(Tomato soup - It was good, but I've had better.For $6 a sandwich, you can't go wrong. Someone needs to open a branch here in the OC.
Delicious!! Its awesome that you can order food from a deli in a Vegas hotel and the sandwiches start from $5.99... Their sandwiches are yummmy too!! If you're staying at the hotel, you don't need to go anywhere else, pick up a sandwich and bring it up to your room to enjoy...This place is open 24 hours and will not disappoint you.. Other delis or restaurants around here will charge you over $10, where this place you'll pay under $8 for a good sandwich... My group ordered the club, Hawaiian, roast beef, and the mozzarella sandwiches and we were VERY pleased with all our options.. They did not disappoint us at all.. This is definitely a great place to grab a quick bite so all those carbs will absorb the alcohol you're going to be drinking for the night...
LOVED the All American. Best sandwich I had in Vegas. best part is that is open all day all night, you can have it whenever you feel like it.  yeaaaaaaaaaay.
#1 sandwich palce !!! if you like hot sandwiches, very affordable and filling, the bread its toastedlightly, and just crunchy enough on the outside & soft on the inside. They have a set menu for thedifferent ingredients in your sandwich, & I would recommend the full montagu, comes with roast beef,turkey & vegetables in a nice cream mustard sauce !!Oh & if you happen to be here around thanksgiving & xmas, get the holiday sandwich, its like havingturkey left overs with all the goodness inside !
Great sandwich, excellent value. $5.99 for a really good sandwich on the strip? Yes, it's true! The sandwiches were smaller than I expected them to be, but were also much more flavorful than expected. We just had sandwiches. No sides, no chips, nothing else, and we were perfectly satisfied, but certainly not stuffed. Perfect!I had "The Italian" and my wife had the "Caprese" and both were very tasty. I would certainly eat here again.
FUDGIN' DELICIOUS. MO'FUDGIN' DELICIOUSNESS. In a drunken stupor, I managed to venture over to Planet Hollywood from Luxor. How I got there, I'll never know, but goddamn was it worth it.
Was STARVING after a night of partying in the highest heels I owned, and we all wanted some immediate, rumbly-in-my-tumbly gratification. I've never been to Earl of Sandwhich but B and his friends always make a point to stop by on a Vegas trip, so it must be pretty good. +1 already when i saw their list of hot sandwiches - i love hot sammiches. Earl of Sandwhich is just a short hop and a skip away from the casino, and the line was pretttty long. But the sandwiches were good enough and/or we were lazy enough that we ended up getting in line anyway. Ravenous B (as usual) ordered the Cannonball! and the Earl's Club. Cannonball! was only okay, nothing notable, but The Earl's Club was a very classic sandwich - can't go wrong there. I got the Italian, which was BOMB. Even though the sandwiches are on the small side, I didn't end up eating all of it since we also got the Chicken Tortilla Soup, which was delicious and scaldingly hot ("And Andrea, I mean SCALDING hot.") Another +1 since we both hate lukewarm soup. Saved the last half of my sandwich to eat later that night, and it was STILL delicious.at ~$6 per sandwich, it's a little expensive for the size. But considering I paid that much for a glass of grapefruit juice later that day, this is probably the best deal you're going to get. Aside from Steak-and-Eggs.
SANDWICHES ARE MY FAVORITE FOOD AND EARLS MAKES THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER.  No seriously.  They must put some addictive ingredient into their bread because I've never had a better sandwich.  They also serve very delicious tomato soup.
Amazing and Cheap.  I went here all the time for a big toasted sandwich for about $5. Doesn't get much better then that.
We stayed at planet hollywood, and Earl is right downstairs from our room,  If your looking for something gourmet, this isn't it. Very simple and tasty hot panini, not alot of stuff in them mostly meat and a small amount of cheese. We particularly enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches, The only reason for the minus 1 star was the service was not friendly-but I didn't expect anything more so ....
THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER!!!! I am definitely going to be making a stop here everytime I go to Vegas! I love it!
Really good sandwiches, and I'm not a big sandwich guy.  The line moves really fast.The only downside is that the service here BLOWS.  I have never seen a more rude and disinterested group of people.  Definitely a downside.
During my 5 night stay in Vegas (WAY TOO DAMN LONG!), I ate here pretty much every single day (sometimes late night too). If it wasn't good, then that would not have been the case! Although the line may seem really long at times, it moves relatively fast. You order first and then you continue waiting in line to pay. One time, my food was ready (beeper was buzzing) AS I was paying. NOICE! I'm not a big sandwich person usually, but Earl's is SO GOOD. I felt like I almost tried their whole menu. Pretty much nothing can go wrong with whatever you order, but my favorites (as well as my friends) were the Tuna Melt and the Hawaiian one. May I re-emphasize: SO GOOODDDDD! But by the last day, I got really sick of eating sandwiches, so I ordered their vegetable soup too. That was okay.
Maybe because our expectation was too high, or maybe we ordered the wrong thing, but we felt the sandwich was just OK...  I will try it one more time next time in Vegas, and change my review if needed.
TUNA MELT. YUM. Definitely the place to go if you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat. It does get crowded at times but the line moves fairly quickly. Seating is somewhat limited, however, people usually just eat and leave. Would definitely come back!
I think the past reviews say it all - this place is delicious! No one should leave Vegas without eating a tasty sandwich from this gem in the city of lights. I've been here twice now - the first time I came around 12:30pm and the line was eternally lengthy. The second time I came here was last week, around 10:45am - very short line and the food still tasted great.I highly recommend ordering the Full Montagu hot sandwich. The roast beef is so tender and the mustardy sauce they lace their sandwich with adds a delicious kick. I also highly recommend buying a bag of their BBQ chips, which was satisfyingly crunchy and savory.Love, love, love Earl of Sandwich.
i hella liked these sandwiches. i had one while i was sober, and it was bomb. toasted bread. melty cheese. good sauce (what is that sauce?!). i'm just a huge fan of hot sandwiches, so i was definitely satisfied. i then came here drunk. i ordered a sandwich, went back up to our room, and PTFO without even eating my sandwich. w. t. f. how could i!? anyway, i woke up and ate it immediately in the morning. still delicious. thank you, earl.
This is really a 4.5 star rating.Where to begin... These sandwiches are crazy good.  I tried three different sandwiches that I shared between my wife and another friend.  They were all awesome.  My wife (who isn't even a big fan of sandwiches) took one bite that quickly followed with her eyes opening up wide and just saying "wow."  She then followed by asking "how the hell did they do that?"  There's a reason why there's always a line and bit of a wait, but for the shear volume of customers they have they do a good job of not making you wait too long to enjoy one of their great creations.
My favorite place to grab a sandwich in Las Vegas.  After a night of partying, if a mighty good sammy is what you're looking for, then I suggest you stop by PH.  You will not be disappointed on your meal.  Sometimes I can barely finish both halves of my sammy - I end up saving the other half for later.
This being the 720th review for Earl of Sandwich, Im wondering if there's really any need to go into any kind of detail. Yelpers, for the most part, are an astute bunch and should be able to figure out that this is probably the safest bet on the Strip. Trix had The Original and it was awesome. I had a Cannonballs!, also awesome. Reasonably priced and very fast. Fucking A, man.
I walked from Treasure Island to Planet Hollywood JUST FOR EARLS. no joke. then we walked back to our hotel. hahahhah. Even though the line was a bit long, I guess it was enough time to look over the menu because there was so much deliciousness to choose from. I ended up getting the special which was basically thanksgiving in a sandwich. YUM- one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. This place is super cheap and it's open 24/7. =) WIN
If i lived in Vegas, I would be going to this place EVERYDAY! Best part is they're open 24 HOURS!!!QUICK TIP: try the Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the TUNA MELT!!!! sooo wonderful and flavorful... no need to describe them anymore.. just go taste them for yourself!
We needed something quick before a big dinner later on, so we stopped here. I had the hot caprese sandwich, and it was delicious. They put the dressing on the bread, so you get that great vinegar taste to couple up with the big chunks of mozz and tomatoes. I also had the earl grey lemonade, which I recommend trying. Wasn't overly sweet like most tea.
Based on Yelper's recommendation...1. Tuna Melt...I don't even like tuna, but this was amazing! 2. Hawaiian BBQ...the pineapple really brought out the taste.3. Cannonballs...you might not like balls, but this can change your mind.Reasonably priced, quick service, and mouth watering sandwiches!  I wish there was a location in OC!
Dear Earl of Sandwich,PLEASE, PLEASE make one in LA county. :]anyways if you havent tried this place your missing out. SO DELICIOUS! everytime i go i eat one when i get there & i grab 5 more for the trip back. So that when i go home i have one for my boyfriend, one for my brother, and 3 for meeee! haha. just kidding. But yes, its delicious. & its pretty cheap i think its like 5 bucks for a sandwich. SO worth it!
came here after--surprise surprise--a night of liquidation, and couldn't have found a better place for food.  got the original sandwich and holy hell--the roast beef practically melted in my mouth.ohhhh yeah, i'll definitely be back.
This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, and since it's open 24 hours I can go any time I want! Their sandwiches  are delicious, the service is quick, and the food is very reasonably priced, too (only $5.99 for a sandwich). It's also conveniently located inside Planet Hollywood hotel just a minute's walk from Fat Tuesday, so you can kill two birds with one stone while you're here. My personal favorites are the Full Montagu and the Earl's Club. We ended up ordering extra sandwiches for our way back home on our trip there this past weekend, so lucky for me I have an Earl's Club waiting for me at home for lunch!
The hot sandwiches here never lets me down (anything wrapped in gold better be good).  We walked half of the Vegas strip to get to this infamous sandwich spot... of course took a few detours on the way but we did take this journey on foot from Venetian.  I stop here almost every visit to Vegas because for $5.99 a sandwich, it's the biggest bang for your buck.  I would recommend splitting sandwiches with a friend so you can get to try different flavors... but also some of the sandwiches just gets a little repetitive after about half.  The line here is fairly long but consistently moves so it doesn't feel too bad.  It's totally worth the wait if you're thinking about leaving and going somewhere else.  I need to franchise one in Orange County so i can serve my own little sandwich wrapped in gold!
I really enjoyed this place!  I'm not sure if they have different locations.  I went to the one in Planet Hollywood.  It was so good!  I tried The Original (roast beef, cheese, horseradish dressing) and The Full Montagu (roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard).  Both were awesome.  The sandwiches are toasted to perfection =)  I also liked the potato salad and the tomato soup (with croutons).  Everything was delicious!  I'll definitely try them again.
BEST SANDWICH EVER. I compare every sandwich I eat to this sandwich. (the only peer is Roli Roti) This place is open 24hours, its cheap, fast, hot, and delicious! I recommend the Full Montagu. I wish there was one in California so I could nomnomnom on this all the time. Sadly, the closest one is in Vegas so I'll have to wait till to go there to pursue my quest of trying everything on their menu!
Quality of food: greatService: not so muchMy friend's sandwich was missing BOTH type of cheeses that were suppose to come with it. And yes, I know it was 4am in the morning when I arrived. You probably dealt with a buttload of drunken rude biatchz right before me such as that ***** who was annoying the heck out of me thinking she was cute slurring her 10 words sentence into one word, but it gives you no right, NO RIGHT at all to take it out on us! Will I come back? I sure will! Pretty good for a 24 hour joint, but it's not on my must visit any more. Good bye, dear friend! See you when I'm starved and there's nowhere else I rather go.
This place is outstanding...i had The Original 1762 but easy on the horse radish sauce....The quality of the sandwich was top notch.  I gotta try their other sandwiches!
Wow. Heavenly. We ate here 4 times over the course of our 3-day stay, and it was great. The best sandwiches were the Full Montagu (better than the Original) and All-American, and the Cobb Salad never disappointed. The bacon-based breakfast sandwiches were kinda salty, so avoid those, but pretty much anything is great because it comes with their delicious baked-in-the-grill bread and has a great balance of flavors. I highly recommend that you go out of your way if you're in Vegas just to try this place at least once (by the way, it's located on the south end at the junction of the casino area and the mall area).
Fianc and I stayed at Planet Hollywood while in Vegas for a long weekend and ended up going to the Earl of Sandwich three times while we were there.  Yes, I said three.  Amazingggg.  I only wish they had one in DC or Maryland!P.S.  Tuna Melt + Tomato = Love.
for a chain sandwich shop, i was very pleasantly surprised at how fresh and delish it was!  i hadn't had an Earl sandwich since the 80's, when they had a spot in Sacramento, so i couldn't remember what to expect.  i'm in love with the *All American* minus the ranch.  there's so many more i want to try i guess i'll just have to visit vegas again, oh darn.  thank you to that huge group from the AVN awards/convention for making our lunch memorable.  get your minds outta the gutter.  the conversation was all over the place and full of laughs!
Ummmmmm $5.99 for a warm sandwich and they are open 24 HOURS!!! I ate here 3 times while visiting vegas and took 2 home to eat later, so yea they're good. I cant remember the names but we all had different sandwiches and eveyone was happy with them so you cant lose.
I have been wanting to try this place forever!!!! Im sooo glad I did. We stayed at the planet hollywood towers and you can bet that this was our go to late night spots. Im sooo glad they were open soo late because without them we'd be stuck at some local gross diner. I ordered the tuna melt which literally melted in your mouth sooo amazing. The other night I had a full montague which was also amazing. The line can get kind of long but its not a long wait at all. Im soo bummed theres not earl of sandwich here in the bay but don't worry i'll be back soon.
Will make this short and sweet: overrated. Every sandwich tastes like a higher-end item at Jack in the Box or something. Luckily, price range is right around there as well so you don't really expect TOO much.
FAV: Earl's Club so i wasn't really a fan of this place the first time around, but back in december i decided to give it another tr...and boy did it change my mind!!! the bread just crumbles when you take a bite and the flavors and everything just mesh so well!!! Definitely a must try whether its a 9 am or 2 am...!!! although im not sure if i would try the bbq chicken again
You know why you're here. Yes you, at 4:00 am lining up and squinting at the menu to satisfy your drunken palate. Well if my experience of the same caliber has taught me anything, it's that ANY sandwich you order here is going to be delicious. Anytime of day/night and even the next day/night as leftovers. I highly recommend the tuna melt which is absolutely yummy. The prices are reasonable too for a pretty big sandwich and what's more is that these are made fresh and so you'll always get a warm sandwich.You might have to wait a bit depending on when you come and how many other people are also hungrily stumbling out of the clubs or casinos but it's such a much better option than trying to go to an expensive (and usually crappy) 24 hour restaurant on the strip.
Read the reviews and decided to give it a go.  Definitely was not disappointed.  It was lunchtime on a Saturday and the place had a decent line going.  The menu is fairly extensive so you'll likely find something you'll like.  I had the original roast beef which was freakin' awesome.  It was warm, gooey from the melted cheese and just really flavorful.  Put a little dijon mustard on there and you have a piece of sandwich heaven in your hands.My fiancee had the tuna melt and from the bite that I had... or rather, the only bite she allowed me... it was very good as well.  Prices aren't all that bad for a damn good sandwich.  Will I return?  Probably.  It's a nice alternative to countless buffets and foo-fooey restaurants in Sin City.
Overpriced, small portions.  The sandwich (a club) tasted fine, but it's about 6 inches long and was like 7 bucks.  Believe it or not, Subway is a better deal for both quantity and the fact that you can customize your sub, unlike at Earl.This place is for casino drunks that want to eat late night and don't care about wasting money, but simply want something to eat.  My wife and I tried it out in the late afternoon and regretted it.  We actually like Quizno's better too!
Original sandwich, toasted bread, horseradish, deliciousness. Need I say more?This place was fast, efficient, and who doesn't love a hot sandwich? Will def be back for more when in Vegas.
heard so much about this place, finally got to try it since i was staying at PH this weekend. So let's see... i think i lost all of my taste buds from the night before but somehow i managed to eat the WHOLE sandwich! i tried the jerk chicken sandwich which was soooo full of flavor, had lots of pepperoncini which i LOVE. i tried my friends tuna melt which was really buttery tasting or had way too much cheese in it. overall, i really enjoyed the sandwich even though i had no appetite or tastebuds but somehow i managed to taste it and eat the whole thing... btw the bread was warm, toasty and delicious
so-so sandwiches. in between a subway and a quizno's. heard friend's raved about it so i waited in line for 20 minutes for a montagu sandwich and was very disappointed. :( but the caprese was supposed delicious as with all of the other sandwiches!
You know how when you go get drunk food at 2am, you settle for mediocrity?WELL THIS PLACE will blow your mind. Quality food. Quality Sandwiches. Quality at lunch. Quality at dinner. Quality at 5am.I've tried around 4-5 different sandwiches here and they've all been WIN. The bread is always perfect and the roast beef, ham, or whatever you get never disappoints.Perfect for people partying at Cosmo and need a bite afterwards or if you're just exploring in the center strip during daytime and need a lunch break.
On my last trip to Vegas, one afternoon I woke up to discover that three different groups of people I went there to meet had independently decided to go to Earl of Sandwich.  Although I had never heard of this place before, it was clear that I had to try it, and I am definitely glad that I did.The first thing that stands out about Earl of Sandwich is the price.  When you are used to paying $8-10 for a sandwich in DC, $6 for a sandwich is fantastic.  And when that $6 sandwich tastes better than any that you're used to, it's mind-blowing to say the least.I tried The Original 1762, a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  I also had a taste of The Full Montagu, which has roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard.  First off, the bread is outstanding.  It's toasted and has a great crunch to it, without being overly thick.  The meats are also great and the sandwiches have a good amount on them.  Although the sandwiches are a bit on the small side, they are ok for a smaller meal, especially when paired with chips or soup (which I did not personally try, but have heard good things about).Overall it's a great place to go and I highly recommend it.  That sandwich was one of the best I've ever had and I wish I had had time to try more of their menu.  Whether it's a late night snack or lunch, Earl of Sandwich is definitely worth checking out.
I stayed at this hotel for a friend's bachelorette party.  I was told that this place was amazing and it was really good.  So i had to go try it for myself.  At first, I was a little discourage because I was REALLY hungry but, the line was REALLY long.  But, they moved fast and it was worth it.  The sandwich was pretty amazing.
hella delicious sandwiches. I went for the original 1762 and it was like bliss touching the lips. Roast beef, cheddar chese, horseradish sauce. Super reasonable prices for anywhere and even better pricing since it is in Vegas. A sandwich is around 7 dollars. I don't know what it is with the bread, but it isn't a standard roll. It's sorta ciabatta-ish but not as tough. It held up to the sauces and meats inside nicely. Great bread.They have grey poupon and yellow mustard at the tables. I found myself using the grey poupon as sort of taqueria hot sauce and adding it on top as I bite into the succulent sandwich.It was so tasty, that we had it for lunch, partied, left at like 3-4am and went back for another one. I had the club this time and it was equally as good. Open 24 hours!
Apparently, Earl of Sandwich is a franchise.  But why isn't there one in California?  Can someone please open one up in LA??  PLEASE?!?  *sigh*  :(Yeah, there's not much more one can say about Earls that hasn't already been said.  It's become a Vegas staple for me and my friends.  Their sandwiches blow every other sandwich chain out of the water.  Yes, I'm talking to you Subway and Quiznos.  They use high quality, fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.  And at $5.99 a sandwich, it's a steal!I used to think the Full Monagu was the best, but I've come to realize that THE ORIGINAL is the way to go.  Freshly roasted beef, cheddar and creamy horseradish sauce on their signature hot, toasty artisan bread.  *drool*  Don't worry, the horse radish isn't overpowering at all.  I also like the tuna melt, but wasn't really a fan of the Caribbean jerk chicken.  I'm going to try Cannonballs! next time.Wait can be as long as 20-30 minutes during lunch time, but it's totally worth it once you find a sandwich you love.  Now open 24 hours.
Full Montagu - tastes like Potbelly's. Except the bread is thinner and softer and doesn't get as soggy.And sure subway is offered at a comparable price, but not on the strip. Last time I had subway, they charged me like $10-12 for a footlong. This place is a steal for the quality!
Oh man. That was awesome. It could easily be the best sandwich I had ever eaten. I was so hungry and tired of looking at expensive menus around the strip and this was like a beacon of delicious delicious hope. Mmm
Oh Mr. Earl of Sandwiches! I heart your gold bars of delicious-ness. (Yes the sandwiches are wrapped in gold foil, and they're so rectangular!)My bf and I shared the Hawaii BBQ and the popular Full Montagu. Plus the Tomato soup. (Unfortunately the soup was lukewarm but the sandwiches made up for it)We liked the Hawaii BBQ better as it was more flavorful. We had to add Grey Poupon to the Full Montagu, and that made it 10x better.The bread is toasted with magic. Omgoodness.I want to stay in Planet  Hollywood next time just so I can have easy access to Mr. Earl *grabby hands*
So delicious. I only got the Original, but it was pretty near perfect. The blend of roast beef, crispy bread, and creamy horseradish sauce is sublime. Every bite melts in your mouth.The ice cream sandwich - what a perfect way to end your meal. Kind of like a brownie a la mode in sandwich form.The portions here don't look like much, but seriously, we all were huffin' and puffin' as we walked away. Deceptively filling for a good price.4.5 stars only because I wanted more horseradish sauce, but that's only a little gripe. Open 24 hours and you're by Planet Hollywood? Come here for a bite, you won't regret it.
I was hesitant at first to eat here thinking it was a run in the mill sandwich joint. It IS a sandwich joint and a GOOD one at that! The Hawaiian BBQ is delicious.. large variety to choose from & plenty of side choices from macaroni to chips. Nice selection at the soda fountain.. do the Dew'
***** Believe the Hype - Legit *****I was standing in a long line when my friend placed her order and asked for guac and special cheese's on her sandwich.  The cashier replied no to both items which shocked me.  How can you not serve guac?After plowing through the sandwiches I learned why.  An "Earl of Sandwich" is a science.  It has the perfect meat to bread ratio and everything just fits together.  It's best to just eat the sandwich as Master Ear intended it to be.  The bread is to die for.   It was so good we went 2 nights in a row and best of all it's late night.  I love how the sandwhich is packaged with the seal of approval sticker.  I thought the Hawaiian BBQ was  a little on the sweet side.  Enjoyed the Caribbean Jerk, Best BLT, Cannonballs, and All American.  Will try the Tuna Melt next time.Yes I ate 5 sandwiches in 2 sittings - Don't hate.
The wait may be a little long at times, but it's expected and worth it to have a deliciously toasted little sandwich.  It's probably my second very sandwich shop around.I like to get the light stuff, like the caprese sandwich, which I absolutely love! Filling yet refreshing.  Can't forget to pair it with the tomato soup!  It's creamy, and tomatoey, but not too overwhelming.  Some may say there is too much bread when they first look at it, but once you sink your first bite into it, there is a perfect ratio of meat to bread, and the bread is perfectly toasted, not too hard, not too soft.Pricing is reasonable.Advice, eat it the way it was meant to be eaten.. unless of course you're allergic or will die at the taste of mustard.
There used to be an Earl close to where I lived in Michigan.. but one day when I went for my favorite tuna melt in the world, it was gone, just like that.And since that day some 2 years ago, I have been pretty down. But then, while tipsily walking through Planet Hollywood, I saw it. I saw the shrine of all things holy.... EARL OF SANDWICH!The friends I was with walked in unassumingly, not that interested, and refusing to believe my ranting. But then again, my mouth may have been watering so much that I may not have been speaking properly.Once we all go out sandwiches though-- they became believers. The Earl makes a damn good sandwich. This place goes way beyond all other chain sandwich shops in the country, I can't wait for the day that The Earl conquers all. It is rightfully deserved.Trust me, if you want a sandwich. Go here. Hands down, no questions about it.
One of the best deals on the strip! Great place to pick up a lunch or a quick inexpensive diner before a show! Great sandwiches, salads and soups! Everything is fresh, fast and priced less then even panera! A staple to vegas enjoyment on a budget!
One of the best sandwich places on the strip.Sandwiches are hot and fresh - delicious
Earl of Sandwich is receiving four stars not because it is the best sandwich, but because it is the best DRUNK sandwich. The hot, toasty delicious creation presented to you is not drunk itself, but the mouth that it is being shoved in sure as all hell has probably had lots of alcohol enter it.So far I have tried the Original, Full Montagu and the Caribbean Chicken sandwiches. Don't remember much about them technically except that they sure were yummy for my ever so alcohol soaked tummy. Eat here and then put it all on black.
I'm pretty sure this place is open 24 hours? We came at 2am and the place was about half full. Honestly, take all the reviews with a grain of salt... When I wanted to go to Ike's in SF, my friend told me not to because "how can a sandwich be THAT good?!" "Maybe because I LOVE sandwiches???" I thought, but in hindsight, really... how CAN a sandwich be that good??? Didn't like how there was no choice for bread, and you have to get white, but it was still nice and toasted =) The Hawaiian BBQ chicken would be my recommendation but from what I've heard, you can't go wrong ;)
The best sandwiches I have ever had!!
I always have to eat here when I am in Vegas. It's a must! The sandwiches are warm and the bread is toasted to perfection. I really wish they would open a location here. I normally get the Full Montague. Yumm, my mouth is watering thinking of this sandwich. I have tried other ones as well, the bread is all the same, but the Full Montague, which is filled with roast beef, turkey, and vegetables is the way to go! Another mentionable product is their tomato soup. I have no idea why, but I really like it from here. It's thick and puree-ish but not? I don't know but if you're up to it, definitely order the sandwich plus this soup.The line is always long, but the wait for the food to be prepared is pretty short. I kinda wish it wasn't located at Planet Hollywood, since their shops are not appeasing and their casino is ugly. I just hate that hotel in general. But if you walk further down you can get Fat Tuesdays with your sandwich!
Earl of Sandwich was my first spot when we arrived at Vegas.I was totally looking forward to checking this place out. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken as recommended on yelp and my friend got the tuna melt. She was disappointed it that they don't make fries since she was craving it. But that was another story.Anyway... she was so hungry that she finish her tuna melt in a heart beat and love it.I, on the other hand thought the Caribbean Jerk Chicken was just A-OK. In my opinion, the sandwich was bit greasy and it lack flavor. What I do like is their bread. It has a very crispy texture yet not crumbly.I would have gave it a 3 stars, but the service was fast and they are open 24 hours, thus the 4 stars. Still worth to check it out!
This place is soooo close to trumping Ike's Sandwiches in SF. Soooo good. I was sitting in class today back home daydreaming about how amazing my sandwich was. It is a MUST to go here.I got the Italian with --- Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato. My first thought was that it was kind of a small and flat portion. I was WRONG. I think I went through half of my sandwich and was stuffed! My brain was satiated by it's wonderfulness too quick that it tricked my stomach into being full. (No joke. That physically happens with a satisfying meal!): My boyfriend got the Full Montegue that was amazing too. It had Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. The bread is toasted to perfection. Everything about this place is mouth-watering. Why pay to eat buffets and overpriced mediocre restaurants? For $6.99 a pop, this place is soooooooo worth it.
Earl! Your golden wrapper makes me feel like I've won the golden ticket to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!No but seriously, I think of Earl's all day err day in Sin City. I eat Earls so I can have something to soak up my booze before going outI eat Earls after I go dancing so the calories burned can accommodate for the excess calorie consumption at 4AM in the morningI eat Earls even if the lines are ridiculously long  I eat Earls to stare at the bunch of starved zombies that populate here at the crack of dawnBut I really just eat Earls cause it's so damn delicious. I've tried the-The Earl's Club: you were just "okay" in my book.-Caribbean Jerk Chicken: too jerky.-Hawaiian BBQ: mmmhh! Tastes like Hawaiian pizza with a BBQ kick!-Italian: mama mia! Delizioso! The perfect combo and the italian sauce gave it a little extra somthing. Just a note: if you know you have an addiction to Earl, I would highly advise staying at a hotel FAR away from Planet Hollywood or else you'll soon find yourself blowing money not at the casinos...but at Earls. Yep.
I've been eating subway meatball subs for as long as I can remember. I thought it was good, until I had the Earl of Sandwich Cannonball. Now my dream of owning a Subway toaster oven with sides of meatballs, roasted garlic bread and provolone has been completely shattered. Heck, all my dreams are now secondary to one:I just want to live nearer to the Earl and his meaty balls of goodness.
great sandwich, but not the absolute best i've had. plus they're skimpy on the amount of meat they give you in the italian one. living in SF, it's easy to find a better sandwich. even Safeway makes up a mean Primo Italiano sandwich. if i went back to Vegas, i wouldn't think to come back unless i had a craving for sandwiches for some strange reason.
A sandwich place. It's 24 hours.Located in the Miracle Mile next to PBR bar and grill.Delicious sandwiches. Delicious soups. They have Newcastle. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=YthQGafrgMApLF_XMj_ZkwI had the cannonBALL sandwich. It was tasty! Did I mention it was 24 hours?? 5 stars.
FINALLY got to try it for my first time yesterday since I had a staycation at the Planet Hollywood.  Results: IN LOVE!I sat down, opened my hot sandwich, and as soon as I took a bite out of my Earl Club sandwich, I was in love.  The bread was freshly baked to order and it was so good.  The sandwich sauce they use; delish!  My boyfriend had the meatball sub and he was just as in love as I was with this place.  We are going to eat here again today before we leave the PH.  This shop will definitely make us keep coming back for more.  It's the perfect size too!  I think that the freshly baked bread they use is what definitely makes this sandwich stick out.  I love bread though, so I might be a little bias.  I can't wait to try more of their sandwiches!  I also had the macaroni salad, pasta salad, and their chocolate chip cookies.  They taste like they should; nothing to rave about.   But the sandwiches...YUM!  I think I can eat one everyday!  I'm very glad I got to finally try Earl of Sandwich.Go now!  You will NOT be disappointed!  Not even by the price!
Nothing better than a great sandwich to help nurse a hangover! Much higher quality than the normal Subway or Quiznos at a great price for the strip. The bread and mustard totally make the sandwiches and the salads are appropriately dressed (unlike many of the patrons). This is a great stop either for lunch or late night snack.
Finally after my girlfriend talking this place up for the last several months I had the privilege of trying the legend that is Earl of Sandwich or more commonly known as "Earl's." I honestly did not want to get my hopes up about this place because like I've mentioned before when it comes to food I'm too pretentious and stubborn to believe an opinion about food other than my own :pI was so impressed by this place not just by the taste but the price, quantity, quality of food and the BREAD...yes the BREAD. They make their own artisan bread and it's one of the best sandwich breads I've ever tasted. Crispy outside, soft on the inside however biting through it, the textures come together and it's yeast n flour filled divinity.I bought the BEST BLT for myself but my friends and I shared with each other so I sampled 4 different sandwiches including mine: Hawaiian BBQ, Cannonballs!, The Full Montagu and mine the BEST BLT.Hawaiian BBQ: sweet and savory just like anything "Hawaiian" but with BBQ sauce and pineapple and a generous serving of ham.Cannonballs!: a meatball sandwich that won't fall apart on you. Solidly constructed with Parmesan and chewy melted Mozzarella makes an excellent sandwichThe Full Montagu: the reason this is a 4 star instead of a 5 star review, wasn't that impressed just tasted like a regular roast beef sandwich but still goodBEST BLT: Lives up to its name! Most BLT's is a couple of strips of bacon that you pull out with one bite and all your bacon is gone. This BLT sandwich is filled with bacon bits throughout and is a must for anyone who enjoys this classic sandwich.Earl's definitely lived up to the hype and is a must-go on my Vegas trips from now until eternity and maybe a little bit after that too :p.
Maybe I hyped myself about this place too much? Maybe I was feeling too crappy to enjoy my sandwich? Maybe it was the rude ladies working behind the counter that gave me dirty looks? Whatever the reason, I didn't think my full montagu sandwich was as delicious as everyone hyped it about. I'm a tad bit disappointed, but fully ready to go again and give this place another try. Will updated this review again once it happens.
This place is so good I ate here twice in a row for lunch out of the 4 days I was in Vegas. They offer a large variety of hot sandwiches, salads, some wraps, and baked goods. The price is very reasonable which is great if you're on a budget. For about $8 I could get a nice sandwich and a drink with free refills! The bread is what really makes it for me, nice and warm and a little bit crispy. My bf got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich both times because he said it was so good. I got the meatball sandwich one time and a turkey sandwich with cranberries, lettuce, tomatoes, and some other things (I can't remember what it's called) which I would highly recommend. Just a side note, their Earl's Grey Lemonade is an Arnold Palmer. I didn't know that the first time, but it was fine with me since I like them anyway!
OMG YES. I got the original and it was cheap and melt-in-your-mouth lusciously delicious. Their system is smooth and the place is nice, and the hours are sooooo convenient. 24/7! Even though it's Vegas, finding good food at certain hours, especially for a reasonable price, is harder than I thought, so this was fantastic. I wish we had one here...noticed they were advertising their franchise. Lol. Please someone...open one in SoCal?
The best sandwich place Ive ever eaten at, hands down! The sandwiches here are amazingly tasty and the service runs like a well oiled machine. And their prices are completely reasonable compared to a lot of places in Vegas!
Good food and cheap for Vegas.  Great place for picking up a sandwich.
Great sandwich, but it's no 'Wichcraft. This is a hearty, meaty grilled sandwich. Good, but just not breathtaking. That said, I ate here twice in five days: one dinner, one breakfast. It is one of the best under-15.00 meals in this part of the strip.
moderately priced and a deliciousy bevy of hot sandwich selections! They need to bring this to Socal!
NOM NOM. I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to have this (sounds kind of lame, but it's 73% true...and I don't know how I got that percentage).Got the The Earl's Club. It was so yummy! It was like the turkey, bacon, and cheese came together and was like "we're going to plan this awesome party in Tiffany's mouth." They succeeded - oh yes, they did.Price: Great, good for someone who is safe with their money.Overall: Great sandwiches, good price, nommy nom nom (can't say this enough).
YUm YUm!!! Long lines usually. But man these sandwiches are good. Warm toasty melty cheesy! That's all I gotta say. Worth the wait.
Holy Moses Smell the Roses, this place is GREAT!!!! $5.99 for a hot sandwich, wow that is fabulous.  The menu is diverse and the food is GREAT.  We arrived after a long flight and grabbed a sandwich, after drinking for 6 hours I found myself back in line for another one!  For the quality of the sandwich they could charge double.  Line moves fast and the service was friendly.
Overall: 4Food: 4Service: 3.5Sandwiches are about 6 inches long and not overly stuff with fillings.Bread was tasty.  Crusty on the outside, soft/warm/moist on the inside. Delicous.Great place to stop for a quick bite.Don't get the line discourage you, it moves fast and the sandwiches come out after a short wait (5-7min).The Earl's Club:- overall sandwich was good, but a little on the salty side (bacon was pretty salty).Chocolate Chip Cookie:- fairly large cookie- good but not amazing
When you got the munchies, midnight snack, after clubbing or whatever this is a major must!Opens 24 hours a day which is perfect for Vegas.  Located in Planet Hollywood.Reason why it's only 4 stars? Always crowded. Takes too damn long to get my freaking sandwich that I would have probably passed out from my drunkeness.  About an 1/2 -1 hour wait. Italian: yummy pizza sandwichEarl's club: mmm....classic with a lil kick and zest from the sauceHam and cheese: deliciously cheeseyEverything is on ciabatta bread for the low price of $5.99! In Vegas! Hell yeah for drunk me!
This place is the real deal!! I couldn't even keep track of how many times I stopped by this place to get a sandwich! This place made my stay at Planet Hollywood worth it! 24/7 awesome hot sandwiches is the best thing ever...now on to the good stuff...My absolute fave was the ham and cheese. The mustard alone that was on this sandwich was to die for...and I about did by choking on the 2nd bite from trying to jam it in my face! The best BLT pretty much lived up to the name. This thing was tasty. The classic roast beef was pretty great also. The horseraddish sause again...was amazing. This place exceded my expectations and was only like $6 a sandwich. You can't beat that in Vegas! The line was never too busy while I was there, but also it was during the week, I can imagine weekends would be busier. Now if only I had an Earl closer to me I would be set. When I go to move, I am taking Earl's locations into consideration!
This is a very popular sandwich place in Vegas in the PH hotel.  There's usually a line but it goes by fairly quick.  I usually get the full montagu and a side of soup.  The sandwiches aren't the biggest in the world but they are high in quality.  If you're in a the mood for a light lunch after a night (or nights) of drinking, and you don't mind waiting in line, this would be a good stop.
Dear Earl of Sandwich: You complete me.
Open 24/7 means drunk muchies. For about $7- $8 you get an overall pretty decent sandwich.Sizewise I would say it's an 7inch ciabatta bread...  I had the Earl's club, which is turkey and bacon with sauce/tomatoes/lettuce on top.  Not too bad, not too bad at all.  Definitely one of the most moist turkey I've ever had! The bread and everything put together was excellent.  The cashier was very friendly as well as she entertained some of us drunkies while waiting for our sandwiches! :)
WTF a place in Las Vegas that's $5 for a sandwich?! Unheard of IMO.Got the Full Montagu -- it was really good as other reviewers have mentioned.Took us awhile to get to Planet Hollywood, but well worth it for the $$
"You're in Vegas? You have to try Earl of Sandwich!"says my friend.So while waiting for my friends to wake up, I decided to walk over to PH and try this place. First of all, where are the darn signs? I couldn't find it LOLand no, I wasn't drunk or anything. This was around 11am. I finally got there and there was a line but it was moving really past. I probably spent less than 5 minutes in line. Ordered the Earl Club.I didn't quite like the cheese but I liked everything else.And even though it's not a foot long, it's still very filling and they don't skimp you on the meat.Definitely a Vegas must-try! Or Dear Earl of Sandwich, come to CA already!
I came to this place twice during my three day stay in Las Vegas. My friend kept on telling me that this place had good sandwiches, and she was right! I first tried this place around 12:30am - 1am, so it's good if you have a late night craving.The first sandwich that I had was the Caribbean jerk chicken. This was my first experience with jerk chicken, and it was full of flavor. The bread was also nice and toast as well. The second time I went I tried the Earl club. Out of the two sandwiches that I tried I would say that the Earl club was better, because of there were more ingredient to add to the flavor. Both sandwiches however were equally good, and I would order them again.What's really nice about this place is that they take your order really fast, and they make your sandwiches fast as well. There's also the added perks of being open late when you want a late night snack or something. In addition, all the sandwiches are 5.99, which is pretty good considering that things are usually more expensive in Vegas, especially on the strip.
First of all, let me just say how long I've waited to try Earl of Sandwich (over a year), how excited I was to try Earl of Sandwich (fuckin excited), and then how pissed I was when I couldn't even take a picture of the thing because it was so pathetic-looking (really fuckin pissed).I think like six of my friends ordered the Full Montagu, so I decided to go with the Original. It usually doesn't get much safer than "the Original," but I was so disappointed. No, I was devastated at how much of a letdown this sandwich was. The bread is good, but it was the best part about the sandwich. The fuckin BREAD. I could tell that Earl was going with a completely different concept with his sandwich than Ike (@ Lime). Whereas Ike mindfucks you with an avalanche of ingredients and flavors, Earl keeps his sandwiches as simple as possible. My Original had bread, meat, and sauce. That's it. I wanted so badly to appreciate the simplistic beauty of it, but I couldn't. It's just too boring.I had a bite of the Full Montagu, I was not impressed. I had a bite of the Italian. I was decently impressed. I've heard good things about the Hawaiian, so I'll come back to try that. If it sucks too, then I am done with you Earl. You've literally broken my heart. Bastard.
Awww yeah hot sandwiches yahhh! MM they were so good! Go here when your on a budget and still want some some food. Damn slots took your buffet money. haha Most of their sandwiches if not all their sandwiches are made hot. I got the original roast beef. MMM yum yum yummy! Perfect amount of roast beef and horseradish that's not too overpowering where your eyes water. You know what I mean. They bread is sooo good too, crunchy on the oustide and soft on the inside. Good selection of sandwiches.A good Vegas trip consists of coming here twice. Once is just not enough!
Wow... YUM! My boyfriend can't stop talking about this place after we had gone. The only complaint I have is that the sandwiches are kind of small so we still felt hungry afterwards, but didn't want to stand in line. Both sandwiches we had were very delicious, but were gone so quick! I'm really glad they have grey poupon mustard on the tables because it made my sandwich taste yummier! The bread is delicious; so soft and tasty!In Vegas where people are up all day and all night, being open 24 hours is a MAJOR ++++!! and having great reviews?! jeesh... can't get any better. LOVE IT!
we came here at 5am once after a night at xs, saw the line, and jammed. came back here the next day before heading back home to cali, cali, and the line was just as long. but we were hungry as hippos, so we didn't care!i got the original, with roast beef and horseradish, and their broccoli cheese. their broccoli and cheese was BOMB! A (didn't quite get the + though... still good!) their Original was yumskies too! the roast beef was moist, opposed to the usual dry fast food-y roast beef.several of my friends ordered the Earl's Club, and everyone got their smoked bacon in the sandwich....besides one. hehehe i thought that was pretty funny.the only downside to this place is the limited seating. but if you're drunk on the strip (or DRUNKINTHEPOOL!), you can eat that sheez on-the-go!24hours! immediate like.
I got the Full Montagu sandwich and first bite of it sorta transported me back to my childhood  visit to Montreal Quebec Canada where they  have the most delicious roast beef and corned beef sandwiches similar in taste to this Earl sandwich. My meal could of been perfect if I opted to not get the frozen lemonade. That was such a sugar bomb where I had to down so much water to wash the sweetness out of my mouth. Still 4 stars for something that can transport you to a time back in the past! :) The line to get the sandwich is pretty long but moves pretty fast but friend and I were stuck in line still for a good 15 minutes before we got to the cashier.
of course another well known place that everyone says to eat at!its a sunday and its 12pm. luckily there wasn't a long line. i ordered the all american and jamaican beef jerk? the all american was a classic sandwich but the bread was delicious! nice texture and fitted in my mouth perfectly! a little but smaller than most sandwiches but thats ok.the jamaican one had spice and it was good! i like the spice and the bell peppers and the chicken.. even eating it cold it tasted good.ill be back cuz this was the cheapest meal in vegas we had!
Wow, this is as good as cheap sandwiches get. We actually went here twice during our stay because of how good it was. The bread is amazing, while there was always a long line it moved a lot faster than expected. If you're looking for grub near Planet Hollywood, this is a great spot to grab it.Pros: (all the sandwiches we shared)-Caribbean Jerk Sandwich - my personal favorite because I like a little kick. -Hawaiian BBQ Sandwich - great combo.-Earl Club Sandwich - This one was good and then continued to grow on me as I ate it. -Original Sandwich - Classic roast beef and cheese.-Earl potato chips - reminded me a lot of Boulder Chips. Love them.-Frozen Earl Lemonade - sour but not too sour, I kicked it up a notch by buying a shot of vodka across the way.Cons: -Long Line (but not that bad, it moves faster than you think and it gives you time to look at a menu)Do yourself a favor and stop by the Earl of Sandwich.
American sandwhich was really good, cranberry sauce, awesome cheese, hot sandwhich
Can you say delectable and what an amazing concoction their bread is!!??!? I tried the Jerk Chicken and it was decent, not really great but not bad. But still, it didn't trigger my glands and produce saliva to dragg me back here...And then I found my new best friend, their TUNA MELT. Holy freakin bonkers it's good. I drool for this stuff and want to come back to Vegas just for that. For only $6 per sandwich and the food just hits the spot!! At first, Yvonne N. told me to order it, she highly HIGHLY reccomended it and I was like ehhh why would I come here for a tuna melt, then I bit into this heavenly combination of hot, soft, and crisp bread and juicy tuna salad that melts in your mouth with the "ooz" of swiss chese... WOW I underestimated the power of Earl's!!!
Lunch time anyone? or apparently they close real late lol Got lunch here and ordered two sandwiches and shared it with my boo :) there were barely a line, and once again it's an order/pay/ but pick up food when the buzzer thingy goes off kind of ordeal. We ordered the full montagu and the club! How was the food?-Full Montagu:for some reason I found it to taste a bit cinnamony but not a bad sandwich and I put some mustard in it and made it yummy!gave it a kick!-The ClubMMM GOOD STUFF! I like this sandwich better, and of course with a touch of mustard again made it more good, yumz.   OVERALL:DELICIOUS SANDWICHES for 5.99 anyone?! I'M DOWN!
So this place was REALLY hyped up for me since we had a friend that loooooves this place; it lived up to the hype thankfully!Earl is located in the Miles mall of Planet Hollywood. Their bread is made slightly undercooked so that it cooks and toasts fully when the sandwich goes through the conveyor oven with all the filling. Everything was really really good; the bread was always perfectly toasted and piping hot. We ate:Hawaiian: A little too salty, will not get againFull Montagu: REALLY GOOD!Earl's Club: Friends said really goodThe Original: Also goodGet the full montagu and earl's club definitely. 2 mornings in a row we got the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich too - really really good. They serve breakfast until 11, but you can get the other sandwiches any time you want. The kona coffee they serve is also pretty good :). We will be back!!!
We were looking for something to satisfy our hunger and walking into the Miles Mall this was the first place we ran into. There wasn't a line as we went there on a Saturday afternoon. You can pick your sandwich and add chips and drink to your order. They give you the buzzer and you wait for your sandwich to get done.I ordered the All American sandwich, which had roasted turkey and cranbarry sauce in it. It was very tasty and everybody else liked their sandwiches too. It tasted very fresh and the bread was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outsite. Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly and helpfull. Would definitely go back there.
We had to try the EOS because all of the 5 star reviews..And because of those reviews we were disappointed. We each tried a different sandwich and both of us felt that they were Ok but nothing special,nothing to go out of our way for.2&1/2 stars at best...
There are a lot of cool things about this buffet that no other place has but most of it was pretty average or subpar.  Having shawarma on a spit is an awesome idea but it wasn't that good.  Risotto is something different but it was pretty meh.  Crab stir fried in some kinda butter sauce might sound appetizing but I would rather just have a plate full of cold crab legs and crack them myself.  They had the most lamb I'd ever seen in a Vegas buffet including ribs, leg and mini chops (prob my favorite thing in the whole place).  I also enjoyed the different individualized portions of pasta.  Wish I had more room for dessert.   And what's with the bottles of water they bring to the table?  There's a reason why every other buffet gives patrons those huge tumblers of water.  So the servers can deal with other stuff...like taking finished plates off the table.  Some of our plates sat there for a pretty long time before they got picked up.  We also had to repeatedly ask for more water and coffee before they actually brought it.  I can think of at least 5 buffets in town I would rather go to than this one for the price though.  Might be a one and done for me.
Hands down currently the best buffet food in Vegas. I loved the selection of food. Entrees were more 5 star restaurant than buffet. The taste of the meat was what stood out to me the meats were flavorful and the fish was very good. I love this buffet!!
Once you walk into the Cosmopolitan Hotel, there's this huge center bar with a chandelier-like architect of beads strung around the bar from the second floor.  It looks pretty cool the way everything is draped.  The buffet was quite the walk through an open and quite empty hallway and lounge area and when we got there the line wasn't even that long at all.  They charge a ridiculous amount for alcoholic drinks (like $12+) but I guess it's Vegas, or then it was the holidays. Well, to the point, the food was pretty good.  Some portions are individually baked so you have to grab the small baking dish but it takes up space on the plate. Not to mention the plates are quite small so get ready to head up to the buffet quite a few times.  Dessert section was amazing! The chefs have a flair for design but they taste as amazing as they look.
Great selection of food for a great price. Most lunch buffets were much more expensive and the lines are horrible. Because this hotel just opened up recently I dont think too many people know about it yet so this is the best time to check it out if you can. The decor and silverware used is nice. Our group really enjoyed our meal that day.
This is my new favorite buffet (title previously held by the still very good Studio B at M Resort). Wicked Spoon tries to be a little different and they succeed in many ways. I'm giving them a 5 for now, even though they do have a few issues that will hopefully be ironed out once they are open longer. Based on reviews from other Yelpers, they seem to still be trying out different things since some of the items mentioned by others were not present when I was there and I'm sure I had some things that others did not have. I ended up eating here twice my last trip. I enjoyed it so much I cancelled my steakhouse reservation to eat at Wicked Spoon again. The items were definitely different on both nights. Even the presentation was different on some of the items. They have a really good cold bar. I ate several of the crab and shrimp cocktails. This is a great place for those who have eaten at all the other buffets and are looking for a change of pace. I lost count of the number of items they offered that you really can't get at any other buffet. While other new buffets try to be more and more extravagant, this one tries to be different. with great results. My favorite item was the blackened lamb ribs. Now for the areas that need improvement. Service is definitely an issue. The line moves slow, although I think that can be credited largely to the buffet being new and people are still getting used to their jobs. It seems like they will eventually have some self serve kiosks, but they were not being used when I was there. The servers also seem to be overwhelmed. They may want to consider hiring more servers since the nature of this buffet (small plates, pans, baskets, bottles, etc.) generates more that needs clearing. That being said, the service was friendly and very good, if a little slow. The servers seemed really proud to be there though, which is always a good thing. They also need to stock cold plates in the cold bar and dessert sections. The dessert selection is a bit small. I wish they had some little cakes or something. The Asian food section is the one that needs the most work right now. It was the weakest section and needs more variety. I'm guessing their chef has very little experience with Asian cuisine since even the simple dishes were messed up. The Korean short ribs, for example, were overcooked and drowning in sauce. The dim sum needs to be made in smaller batches.Minor quibbles aside, this is a very good buffet. Maybe not as big or as fancy as others, but very good for what it is and the price makes it an awesome value.
Wicked Spoon takes first place on my list for best Vegas Buffet!!I was there for lunch today and it was a delight! Just walking into the new Cosmopolitan is an amazing experience.Once you make your way to the second floor for the buffet, you are encountered with splashes of modern art, including oversized sculptures of high heels; very sexy! The whole vibe is very trendy, hip and modern. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We were seated in our special req. booth without a problem.  We headed to the buffet and I couldn't believe the humungous selection of items! I read about the tiny dish distribution, so I knew what to expect, but I didn't think there would be such a variety. I have been to practically every buffet in Vegas, and usually make my way around the whole thing on the 1st round, but I only got through half of this place the first time around!Almost every item I tried was highly delectable! One of my favs was the braised beef with pasta & mushrooms, yummmmy! The roast chicken and mashed potatoes were also divine, perfectly cooked and seasoned! Even the salad was above the norm, with tasty, high quality, applewood smoked bacon.It seemed like every dish was made of the finest quality of ingredients. This was a major bargain, 20 bucks for a gourmet lunch with endless, delicious selections! The only negatives were the mac & cheese, which lacked seasoning & the santa fe style corn bread bake, not my thing, food labels would have been helpful here.The desserts were beyond amazing as well, the salty peanut & pistachio ice cream tasted like they were homemade, and those madelines were mighty tasty. I highly recommend this buffet!! As a gal who is known as "The Queen of the Buffets", I give this one 5 stars!!!!
I came here during the week of Christmas last year, which was the opening week of The Cosmopolitan. For such an upscale and luxurious casino, you would think that their restaurants have to be top-notch and at their best. Unfortunately, that was not the case when I went.The Good: $20 for lunch at a very nice place is not that bad. There was a variety of food, most of which were served in individual plates, which is different compared to most other buffets in Vegas that serve their food in big trays for you to scoop out of. There was a good selection of meats (definitely try the lamb if you can), a small sushi bar, some dim sum, and other kinds of food -- they all varied in excellence. There are unusual foods which I have not seen at other buffets before, one of them being pork belly fat wrapped inside a flour bun. Nonetheless, the food was presented beautifully, just like the decor around the buffet (curly-glass chandeliers and beautiful silverware). The dessert selection was amazing, and it's not like any other dessert selection you see at other buffets. There were macaroons, chocolate slates, mini chocolate-covered apples (each is unique with different toppings), gelato, unusual tarts sitting in egg shells, and chocolate covered strawberries. You can tell that they put a lot of effort into individually making each piece of dessert.The Bad: My number one complaint here would be the staff. Although friendly as they were, they were not prepared as they should be, both in terms of handling food AND as waiters. Our waiter approached our table saying, "My name is uh, ____. *Long pause* I am going to be your server today." It seemed pretty obvious he was trying to remember his lines, which should have been perfected before the grand opening of such a high-class casino. Not only that, but he DISAPPEARED after giving us our drinks and NEVER CAME BACK to check up on us or refill our drinks. Our glasses were empty after a while and we had to call on a random staff to refill it for us. As we were eating, we heard a big clash near the kitchen door and found that the same staff member just dropped the tray with our drinks on it. Another clash was heard later on, for another staff had dropped another tray on the floor. Our finished plates literally filled up the entire table before the staff took it away. Also, the place lacked fruits, which I think is essential at a buffet.Overall: I feel that this buffet has so much potential, but just lacks the proper staffing experience and some food quality/selection at the moment. If you're reading this review in the future, hopefully the staff will be more prepared and the food choices will open up just a little by then. I am a little bit curious myself to see much they will improve in a few months' time.
Great value - it's a reasonably priced buffet.  Great service and nice ambience.  For the first time I didn't feel like I had to fight with other people to grab the best food.  As others have said - the presentation is great with individual sized portions of most of the entrees. The downside is some of the food was just warm - I could just tell it would be so much better if it were piping hot, fresh from the oven.  Flavors were good, though. Dessert was amazing, fudge pyramids, gelato, mini apple cobblers.  If you're coming from the casino, be prepared to walk a long way to get to the buffet - it's far!
Interesting concept. For 27 bucks for dinner, one of the cheaper gourmet buffet options on the Strip. Wicked Spoon's concept is a buffet tapas thing - everything in small portions on small plates. Unfortunately, there are several problems: one, the stations aren't very clearly labeled. So you have to wander around a bit to figure out the layout and there are a couple of stations I didn't really get. (I THINK it's a make-your-own-Thai-rice-noodle-soup station at the end of the Asian portion.)The second problem is that any time you plate several small plates on top of a larger one, they start to slide around as you walk. And it made for stacking the dirty dishes difficult for the waitstaff. Who, coincidentally, are not super amazing at their jobs. I can't IMAGINE what the dishwashing looks like behind the scenes.Overall, there was a wide range of food options. I enjoyed an udon noodle stirfry, some Korean riblets, and the little shrimp cocktails. Lamb chops in olives and artichoke hearts was a stand out, if they could get some more olive flavor into the meat. We also uniformly enjoyed the sausage in balsamic grilled grapes. (Okay, not exactly sure what this was, wish I'd taken better notes. Sorry Yelp.)I see that other Yelpers have given the Asian section bad reviews but I honestly thought it was one of the better Asian sections on a buffet in town. Less focus on sushi, and more on regional foods that don't always show up on a buffet line. (Probably because middle America is just getting around to trying it.)We didn't like the already-lumped crab. It was chewy and overdone and we all commented that we preferred the mess of shelling it because it usually tasted better. Other misses: lamb ragu with gnocchi. Saffron cod barely tasted saffrony. Dessert was eh, but we didn't have any of the gelato. I did like that they had a bowl of mixed berries - should have stuck to this, a bit of fresh cheese and bread off the salad line and gone with a European dessert. The cheese selection is quite nice for a buffet in this price range.I hate to feel so mixed. I'm sure management will dumb this place down soon, so go experience it for yourself before they do.
The Best Buffet in LV!We tried practically all "high end" and highly rated buffets in LV, including Sterling, Wynn, Belagio, Studio B, Paris, Rio, PH, Caesar, ect...  We actually got sick of buffets at the end.However, we thoroughly enjoyed WS the most even though it was the last buffet we tried.  The food was flesh and higher quality than most.  There were more selections than most.  Wish we had gone here first so that we could have gone back before leaving LV.If you are not sure, just try their lunch buffet which is only $19/person.
We ate at the Wicked Spoon twice last week while in town for the CES. The gourmet food was so good that we went back a second time. We would have gone back for Breakfast had our schedule allowed it. Our first meal was on Wednesday at 1pm. The place was not crowded at all. There was a great selection of food. Everything was delicious. Others have spoken about the "individual serving" sizes being too small. Well you can take as many as you want or go back for more, so I don't see their argument. One point that I would make, however, is that if you just want to taste the ricotta cream spinach or the red wine braised mushrooms you HAVE to take a full serving. Our next meal was on Thursday at 7pm. Again it was not crowded. The selection was very similar to the previous lunch with a few added selections. The spicy crab meat was not overcooked but we did notice some small shell pieces in it.    The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino all the way back in the West End Tower. We easily walked from the Monte Carlo. Taking the crosswalk from City Center over Harmon Ave allows you to enter the resort by the chandelier. If you want to ride the tram, I would say it is just about the same distance from the tram station at the Bellagio as it is from the one at Crystals. The routes from both are convoluted.
Wicked Spoon is sooooo cute!!  This place feels so fancy-schmancy in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, but you aren't really paying all that much more for great food and beautiful presentation.  For Sunday Brunch, we came here with a party of 7 - It was $23 for Brunch and $30 for Brunch with unlimited Champagne.  I am sure that it is cheaper during the weekdays.  With all the drinking and eating that we've been doing, we decided that it was best to forgo the unlimited Champagne.  Having heard that this place just opened nearly a month ago, I was super impressed with their food and the number of patrons.  This place was not easy to find.  The drinks here are massive!  My cup of coffee was the same size as their huge orange juice cups!  Even though it is not unlimited, everyone still got a glass of Champagne as a part of their Sunday Brunch.  I love their portions of food.  I love that the desserts are serves in cute little metal cups - Excellent presentation and choice!  It is nice to know that the food has been untouched by someone else!  Bonus points!The dessert section was awesome!  I highly recommend their coffee Gelato Ice cream (There are bits of nuts and toffee in there! MmMm), Strawberry dipped Chocolate (There are toffee in the chocolate and rice crispy covered in white chocolate! mMmMm), and the list can go on and on.  I actually don't recommend their caramel/chocolate dipped mini red apples, but that may be a personal bias as I believe in green apples and white chocolate!  Did I mention that they had fresh Dragon Fruit? MmMm!Beautiful experience here.  I definitely want to return for their dinner buffet the next time I am in Vegas!  Since this place is still new, I am sure there will be more changes and improvements in the menu!  I can't wait for it!!!
I love the new Cosmo hotel in Vegas, my friends and I already planned to stay there next time we come back. The whole place was full of young, attractive people, which is A+ in my book. Wicked Spoon is one of the best buffet places I've tried in Vegas...for the price. It offers bite size portion, which is great because we can almost try "everything" in there. The food is not too amazing, in fact, a little too salty for my taste. But boy, their chefs know how to make lamp....every single lamb dish I tried...LOVE IT! Their worst dish? No doubt the Korean bbq short rib, too sweet and too salty.Our server was super cute and nice too. I believe her name was Laura or something like that. She was making jokes with us and we even hang out after she got off work. I like the Cosmopolitan, I like Wicked Spoon and I like you Laura :)
My buddy Tony T, which is a chef, recommended this place, which is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, there was nothing wrong with the hotel, Except the BUFFET!  They make it upscale, but it's not all that.  There's no flavor at all.  You have tourists, which have lost all there $$ on Gambling.  They feel they should recuperate there losses with eating all the food they can.  They make the portions very small, in little plates (tapas style), but you can only fill 4 items on your plate.  That's a lot of dishes to work with.Well, since I lost so much $, i wanted to eat so I can have some energy to play again.  1.  SERVICE: Our waiter was not to be seen.  We had to flag down a Manager after 20 mins of dehydration,  once we spoke with the manager, we had prompt response with our drinks, with 2 other waiters.  We still didn't see our waiter for another 30 mins.  Once we did, we actually had to ask for sugar because there was none available for our Ice Coffee and Ice Tea.2.  PHO STATION: The Soup was not hot and they place the Greens under a food hot lamp.  All the greens were wilted.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME??3.  LABELS:  Most of the dishes have no labels.  You pretty much have to guess what the dish is.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I thought this salad was with taro, but it wasn't.  I had no idea what that stuff was?  Even their soups, you had to guess.  There were 2 choices of soup, Pho Base or Miso Soup.  of course, they don't label it.  I betcha most of the "WHITE" people put the miso soup with the Pho Rice noodles.  that's a major faux-pau in the culinary industry.  Just my opinion.4.  DESERT BAR:  Again, they have no labels next to the items, so you have to guess what the heck it is.  You had to flag down someone behind the bar in order for them to hand you a desert behind the display case.  They should leave that out, if you have to wait there for 5 mins to get a desert.They had this Egg custard , in an Egg shell, that Tone recommended, which had different layers of flavors.  I was so intrigued.  So I got one.  But to my dismay, it was just soup.  It was a creamy shot of Blah.. he said it was not made right, since the first time it was made.  it was suppose to be layers, but they did not let the layers set.5.  RESTROOMS:  They have a very very small restroom for the Buffet.  only 4 people can fit in the bathroom at 1 time.  When I was there, only 1 urinal was available.  so a max of 3 people can be in at one time.  This is okay, but after i finished my meal, the Desert Egg Shell Custard shot did not agree with me.  At least I can recommend the Egg custard as a Laxative.
THIS PLACE WAS GREAT!! I went during the holiday season this past winter, but since they were doing this 7-hotel buffet deal for super cheap, a lot of the usual buffets that I frequent (Rio, Paris) were packed.  So, fearing that I might run into yet another long and dreadful buffet queue, my bf and I got there around 4:45, which turned out to be a little too early since the buffet actually does not open until 5pm.  So after a 30-minute wait, mostly just getting all the early people in, we were in for a great surprise!I absolutely LOVE how they make their dishes into these cute little tapa-sized containers.  It makes the place so much neater!!! And the dessert... ooh my gosh.  I almost died on the table from dessert-overdose.  They have these delicious chocolate and raspberry (or strawberry.. not sure) truffles that had me going back to the dessert section again and again.  Oh, did I mention our waiter, and most of the other waiters, was pretty damn model-status? :PFor 27 bucks, this dinner buffet was very, very worth it!
An awesome buffet...I came here when it was only 2 weeks old.  The line was only about 10 minutes long and lunch was 25 bucks.  The style was tapas so the food isn't mass produced.  They had their meat cuts, breakfast items like eggs benedicts, cheesy potatoes, some smoked salmon, braised pork belly, dim sum items, etc.  Definitely quality buffet food.  Also, the cutest desserts evar, and 10 different gelato flavors... !! Only complaint, our server was super bad... didn't come up to get our drink orders til my second plate... rarely came by at all to get refills or ask us if we needed anything...
I was at CES and got tired from walking the show.  I was hungry and didn't want to eat the crappy Sbarro pizza, nathan's hot dogs, etc.  I also wanted to check out the new Cosmopolitan hotel so I took the shuttle from the convention center to the Cosmopolitan.I was happy to see the buffet.  Lunch was only $19.The decor is very clean.  The food is laid on fairly well.  There is a sushi/sashimi section (with other Asian food such as pho, dim sum, etc.).  There are lots of small pots with beef, chicken, port, etc.  There is a carving station for turkey, prime rib, ham, etc.  The salad bar is also very nice.  Overall, the selection, cleanliness, and quality of food was top notch.I knocked off 1 star because the dim sum area was under a heat lamp that severely dried out the food.  It's really annoying trying to eat shrimp har gow with a paper dry skin.The dessert was AWESOME!  The gelato station was great and i especially loved it because they have sorbetto.The chocolate is the good stuff and top quality.This is a great addition to the Las Vegas buffets and is my new favorite.
This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas already. As everyone else has said, the food is almost all on small plates so it's hot and fresh. More than that, though, is that for $27 at dinner you really get legit upscale food. Two different types of crab. Shortrib over risotto. Full carving station with lamb. Lobster ravioli. Pan-seared trout. And there's no wait because it's a little hidden in the new Cosmo. Bonus: Huge glass of wine was only $10.
I went into Cosmo hotel to grab an early dinner after CES and was blown away by the decor and ambiance of Wicked Spoon Buffet. We got there at right at 5pm with no wait, and the cost was only $27 for dinner. Affordable pricing for such an upscale looking buffet.I loved how all the food was laid out and there were individual platings of all the sides in cute mini plates or pots. Definitely an A+ for looks. Too bad the taste fell way short.At first, I though that it was pretty tasty, but alas I was just too damn starving and distracted by the pretty plates to notice. But after my first plate, I noticed that nothing really stood out. I had no favorites to go back to...and I just ended up trying a little bit of everything. Which is almost IMPOSSIBLE to do.Remember those cute individual platings? TERRIBLE IDEA! Sometimes I would only want a bite or two, but because I had to take the entire serving, I ended up with a stack of lil plates and pots on my table. I felt super wasteful, but couldn't bear to eat the entire serving because I didn't like it all that much. Plus those small serving plates avoid you from piling on different things at the buffet creating more than necessary trips back and forth. By then, you just end up getting full before you can get your money's worth. Boo!The meats were a little dry, and WHAT...no crab legs?? Instead they had some kinda peeled crab (I THINK) in some butter sauce. Of course I wouldn't really know because nothing is LABELED. But regardless, it was rubbery and weird and tasteless. My favorite thing was the shrimp cocktail, juicy and plump...but it was served in tiny plates of 2 shrimp apiece :\ Whyyyyyyyyy is life so difficult??My favorite part of buffets is always the dessert bar. Again, everything here looks stunning. Miniature works of art. Although looking individual and unique, many of their dessert were similar in form...custard base with a fruit gel. Nothing spectacular. They also have chocolate covered strawberries which I liked, but my favorite was the gelato. The salted peanut flavor was my top pick.Service was also on the slow side. It took the waiter 30 minutes before my coffee came out. By then I already fell asleep from the mediocre food -_-Pretty face, but lacking in quality substance.
Personally one of the best buffets in vegas. Ambiance is great, staff are friendly and accomodating. The food here excites me and i guess its how they present their food or should i say how its plated.I love the desserts, colorful, playful and it tasted good!
I ate here after I went to CES and let me just say this place is nice! If you are a guy who likes to be served by girls this is a place for you because all of servers are waitresses. The Restaurant itself deserves 4 STARS.It was very clean and organized. There seats are new and the booths are comfortable. The tables are good size and there are enough space to walk between tables. The style is modern which was a big plus!The service deserves 5 STARS.All the waitresses smiled and very polite. They know when you need a refill of the WATER BOTTLE.. yes they give each table a bottle of water so you could pour some on your own glass. No waiting for service even in the food area they served with smile.The food deserves a 4 STARS.They serve  a high quality of food and very delicious. The servings were decent amount but you could always go back if you want more. They have sushi and I really like their Shirm Tempura Sushi. Their mushroom cooked in red wine was so good! I've never had anything that was cooked in red wine but it was sooo delicious. Their fried rice was not greesy at all but so good. Most of their food weren't greesy. The deserts are the best! so many choices to choose from. Gelado ice cream, cookies, rice cakes, and so much more!The price is reasonable SUNDAY BRUNCH $23 deserves 4 STARS.DEFINITELY GOING BACK TO TRY DINNER!
Great Vegas buffet!!Pretty affordable for quality tasting food! Sunday brunch was $23 dollars. The selection was good, and they had just enough variety without being too overwhelming. The dessert bar display was beautiful, anddd they had gelato! Except no hazelnut flavor = -1 points for them, but still, lots of sweets to choose from :) The interior of the buffet was pretty cool. I don't know how to describe the design inside since it was kind of different/unique, and also kind of random, but it was pretty fancy for such an affordable buffet. This buffet was not outstandingly exceptional, however, as in don't expect to find fancy or exotic cuisine here. But you will find all of your main dishes prepared quite well. One of my favorite dishes was the orrechiette pasta, it was absolutely amazing! I'd say this buffet falls in line with the Bellagio buffet. Definitely worth a try!
This is one of the best buffets on the Strip.  We came here for the Sunday brunch, because I'm a brunch glutton.  Since it was fairly new, the place is still really clean and sleek.  We got to the line a tad before noon and it was still really short.  We walked around to get a scope of the place.  There was an area with Asian foods, carving station, and breakfast area, and two islands on either side of the buffet for the salad and cheese bar, and the dessert bar.  I love how many of the dishes are served in small dishes.  The shrimp cocktails was in a dish with on 2 shrimps, but they were really good, too bad there were no crab legs.  Also, the prime rib was delish!  It was really juicy and there were different kinds of condiments to choose from, I chose the chimichurri.  I also loved that there were chocolate dipped strawberries and gelato in the dessert area.  My only disappointment was that our server wasn't really timely with taking away our plates.  Other than that, this is a definitely a buffet worth your money.
I'd say it was ok.  Yes, I can see how they're trying to be different from the other buffet by offering their dishes in smaller portions and yes, i'll give it to them...the presentation of their dishes are amazing (especially in the dessert section!), but...i just wasn't blown away.  =/The pros: The salads are amazing...the miso shrimp salad...i had to have seconds!! It was delicious!! Husband doesn't eat much salad...but came back with a plate full of different salads. The asian section of the buffet had some pretty good entrees.  And the dessert selection was pretty vast.  The chocolate covered strawberries, the fudge, cookies, and of course, there was a gelato bar that a buffet can't be without. The cons:  Some of the dishes had no placards so you didn't really know what it was that you were getting.  The fish dishes were overcooked. The ham hock mac n cheese...the mac was completely undercooked, it tasted like raw dough! It was disgusting! Bottom line: Maybe they need more time.. i would go back again to give it a second chance!
Wicked Idea!Bomb buffet with a twist; items are placed in cute lil pots and kettles! Great for sharing!Another pat on the back for wicked...they have a unique menu!  A lovely array of gourmet oohs and aaahs that will leave you highly impressed.Few things I tried: chicken pot pie, braised short ribs with sweet berry glaze, mushu taco, spinach risotto, mac n cheese with toasted crumbs, some cod dish, clams, mushroom ravioli, sushi etc.  They all came in these adorable little pots and serving dishes =)  Everything was extremely rich and flavorful!Dessert looked a lot better than it tasted but again, I was impressed. Gold flakes sprinkled on top, the dessert bar looked like Willy Wonka's factory! Choc covered strawberries and mini candy apples were a hit.I went for lunch and it came out to $22!  VERY IMPRESSED =)
Excellent presentation, ate a little of everything,..but everything seemed to taste bland (no, I didn't go partying or anything the night before.)I guess the presentation raised my expectations.Everything was neatly portioned, and looked delicious, from the pork belly sandwich to the gelato. Service was good. I just wish more flavor was present in the food....
I always said I was anti-buffet.Until now.This place is amazing.Beautiful decor.Great variety and portions of food.And extremely reasonable prices.I didn't think a buffet like this could exist!Believe the reviews, it is definitely worth checking out. And most importantly, definitely worth your money.
I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth but this spot makes me feel like i was! Endless options, high quality ingredients, attentive and prompt waiter service...$29 dinner with tax. Try the lamb with parmesan crust it's the tits! For dessert the salty peanut ice cream is top notch! Even the complimentary aqua health sparkling water made this a meal to remember!
I think this buffet and I are going to have one of those love/hate relationships. On one hand, the food was pretty good. Definitely on par with the food at the M buffet. Plus, I didn't have to waste my time getting messy trying to get the crab out of the shell, because it was already done for me. Something, I haven' found at any other buffet.  Also, unlike the M, the wait to get in isn't 3 to 4 hours.They also offer a lot of desserts that other buffets don't. Chocolate covered strawberries. Chocolate covered apples [but I wish they were caramel covered]. Crepes. Peanut butter & jelly gelato. Salted peanut gelato. Cute litle mini chocolate cones filled with pudding.  On the other hand, the thing I hate most about this place [seems to be the  thing most people love about this place], is the fact that most dishes are served on individual plates or little pots. In most buffets, only the desserts such as cake or pie are served on individual platters. Why do I hate this? Simply put - I can't fit as much on my plate. When I go to buffets - my plan of action is to usually get a little bit of a lot of food to kind of feel the place out. Which is, definitely something I couldn't do here. You can only grab about 3 small plates at a time. Which means you have to get up from your table more often. I guess, this could be construed as a good thing - as it provides a little more exercise to negate some of the thousands of calories you will have consumed by the end of the meal. BUT, I like to chill at the table with whomever else I am with and enjoy my food - without having to pause the conversation to get up and get more food every five minutes. Lastly, I've gotten used to the free, unlimited beer/wine/cider offered at the M. So, I was disappointed by the fact that this buffet did not offer the same. But, that could just be me being spoiled. =pSo, like I said - definitely a love/hate relationship. But, I think it's leaning more towards the hate side. Would I go back? Probably. Would I rather go to the M? Probably.
At least one buffet visit is a requirement of mine each time I hit Vegas. The line at the buffet in Aria was to long, and so I yelped nearby places and found this place in the Cosmo which is next door. Pass the Red and Black heel, take some photos,  and  bam you're there.  It was a pretty good find. 19$ for lunch and not that long of a wait. Most dishes are served tapa style, in small little plates or small pans. I like this concept becauseA) it doesnt allow you to put to much on your plate in one sitting and B) all the food doesnt touch each other.  Dont kid yourself though, you will end up overeating as the food is really good  and made with quality ingredients. Their gelato was probably the best Ive had at a buffet.  Only pet peeve I had was they dont label half of their dishes, so you dont know what your getting and you have to end up asking them which is a pain when your hungry.
overall a tasty buffet.  definitely try the roasted rack of lamb, it was very tender but BEWARE THE HORSERADISH SAUCE - it's from the 7th pit of hell.  a little dab will do you just fine.  I foolishly swirled a bite around the sauce, put it in my mouth, and after 5 or 6 chews, dropped the fork and started slapping my forehead.  it was like eating an entire ball of wasabi.everything else was average to above average, the sushi rolls were surprisingly decent, and the desert table, the wicked spoon's key selling point, was a beautiful sight to behold, and while it was enjoyable, it gave a bit too high an expectation.  I will say the chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING and the strawberry cheesecake shot was also very good. the ambiance is nice and the service was great.  so yeah, 4 stars.  dunno if I'd go back unless one of my friends had a big sweet tooth.
Came in on a weekday. Bad idea. The food was kind of dry. I even saw the cooks moving the food around to keep the sauces from settling. Friend came for a second time on the weekend and reported to me that the food was a lot better and fresher, but there was a wait on the weekends. The food looked better than it tasted, for the most part. Overall, for the price you pay, which was about $29 or so after taxes, it's still a pretty good buy. The only thing I found annoying was that many of the selections were already in their own dishes. So if you wanted to grab a lot of food at once, it was sort of impossible unless you were good at Tetris and knew how to stack like a boss.
Excerpted from a longer post about my experience at their Grand Opening Weekend. To read the full thing and see the pictures, check out my blog!The next morning we somehow managed to wake up with enough time to make it to brunch at the Wicked Spoon. And boy am I glad we didn't miss this. You want to talk about epic? This was the most epic brunch ever. Not only was it the most innovative buffet I've ever seen, but all of the food choices were fresh, constantly replenished and often served to you by a worker from behind the counter. I ate the most amazing truffled potatoes ever and was super bowled over by the Eggs Benedict, fresh berries and butternut squash ravioli. They had a giant dessert station as well complete with a full gelato bar. Everything was so pretty and we found a resurgence of the gold flakes on numerous desserts.
Food is presented in a very cute fashion and taste fresh and delicious.  The dessert station is better than Bellagio and now I must say that it is the best buffet in Vegas.  One thing I have to mention is that the line wasn't very long but it went very slow.  When you get in, there's all these empty tables.  I think they should get it together and hire more servers so that people don't have to wait that long.  I think waiting in line is the biggest drawback of going to buffets.Last thing, they will ask you "would you like to put in gratuity?" I say yes and pay 15%, then they give me a slip with gratuity section being empty.  So I wrote it in.(they already put it in)  I paid twice of gratuity because their system is confusing.  Don't make my mistake.
I had the breakfast buffet for $16.00 on a Sunday in January.  The place wasn't busy at 9am.  Nice design and looked very modern. The staff was nice and attentive, especially my waiter.  Standard breakfast-omeletts eggs benedict, french toast, apple sausages, fruits, cereal, dragon fruit, smoothies at the dessert table.  No seafood or any other ethnic food.    The portions are small like tapas style as mentioned in other reviews.   Cons: I wish they posted  the prices at the cashier or a sign near by.  Also, I wish there were signs for all the items instead I noticed a few signs on some items.
Went during a weekday and the food was mediocre. The two stars are only due to its presentation, which was excellent. Our waitress was one of the best - took care of us, explained the divisions of buffet areas, and she took the initiative to bring us water WITH our regular drinks. Our table was never cluttered with plates because as soon as we left and came back, they were gone. The food came preportioned already, which is a great idea to limit waste at a buffet and the shrimp was already peeled and placed in a small plate for us with a dollop of cocktail sauce. So cute!The lack of three stars is due to the actual food :(Unfortunately the food was not good. It was bland and dry. The desserts weren't even that great except for the ice cream/gelato. The pasta, though it was preportioned, was left out in little bits only to dry because of the heat lamps :( Most of the food tasted burnt and overcooked.The cosmo was definitely a place to visit and sight see but not to eat.
Best buffet in Vegas.  Loved the tapas style spread.  Favorite was the braised short ribs in individual cast iron skillets.  Will travel to Vegas just to eat here.  Sorry Studio B.
My husband and I came here for brunch today and we really like the food and the decor of the place.  I like the tapas style being served, very different compare to other buffets.  The price per person is 23+ tax which is not bad... We lived in Vegas  so we've tried almost all the buffet and this is by far the top... Bank for ur buck :)
What a refreshing new Buffet in town! Love their concept. The quality is decent and the price alright. The only downside: the partially non existing LABELS! It would be great to know what I am eating...
We spoke to our friends and they had gone for brunch and thought it was good...maybe because I went during a weeknight.  Anyways, here is what I thought about this buffet.The prosdcor-very cool looking chandelierservice-goodfood & dessert-looks very upscale and deliciousfresh berries-blueberries, raspberries, blackberriesThe Consfood & dessert-doesn't taste like how it looksWhat's going on...why doesn't anything taste right???The only thing that tasted good was the braised pork bun.  Everything else was a miss.  I tried the shrimp cocktail and after one bite, I spitted it out because it tasted like toothpaste..yuck.  I honestly don't feel like I am getting what I paid for...sure they have all the upscale selection, but what good is it when it doesn't taste like how it should?  Not good at all.  I tried a bit of many items, but maybe it's a weekday so the food aint so great????  Regardless, I won't be coming back during a weekday.  Definitely more money spent for the quality of food eaten.  We walked out of there disappointed with a tummy full of blah.Maybe I try brunch sometime in the distant future...
Why must I "rate" this place, damn it. The idea is so original, new, trendy, and seemingly THE dream buffet of a gourmand. Unfortunately, I guess the common phrase is true, "looks aren't everything."Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's a long, weird and windy walk. You will be easily distracted by odd objects: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=q-Ckm0qluUvbReCUhCWYrwThe buffet has different selections of dishes served in buffet style trays and some items were presented in mini pots, pans, and your own mini deep-fryer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=g0AI7zRDTe5M-Oac7z4wbQ).  The dishes were labeled with detailed descriptions; instead of your typical "arugula salad" sign, it was "arugula and candied cashews with blackberry vinaigrette salad." It kinda gives you a clear idea of what you're eating, sans playing the guessing game.Although the dishes were attractive, I've had better buffets on the strip. I can think of maybe 1 or 2 memorable dishes, and the rest were just passable. Hm, I guess that's what you would generally expect at a buffet..I was a little disappointed in the dessert section. The colors and presentation of the desserts selection made me so excited. Come on, dessert cups topped with edible silver flakes?! Unfortunately, the only thing I really enjoyed were the mini apple pops and gelato. Everything, all in all, was sort of a hit or miss. (a "miss," as in, hell to the NO)This place has so much potential! I have mixed feelings about this buffet, so I don't know how to accurately rate it. So, why is this so hard? Well, that's what she said.
After having a bad experience at the paris buffet, we decide to go walk off all the unnecessary calories off by going to the new Cosmopolitan hotel and see all the shiny bling and art. It was indeed impressive. After a brisk walk through long open hallways and a cluster of 5 foot tall dog statues pointed towards each other, then a giant high heel we came across the Wicked Spoon buffet. Even though were we were full we wanted to do  walk through. We were impressed by the tapas style method of serving and the food looked good as well. Then we passed by the dessert section which is FULL of fudge, pastries,  chocolate covered crab apples and strawberries, ice cream and gelato, and fresh berries ( you can tell i have a major sweet tooth) that was the point we realized we made a huge mistake by eating at the paris and were planning a return trip there to actually try the food that was making our mouths water.Fast forward 2 days, we arrived there at 5pm for sunday brunch which was reasonably priced at $27.Ambiance was very comfortable and the decor was cool. luckily we were seated next to the food since we made many trips back n forth seeing how you can only fit 3 small (2-4 bite) plates onto the normal plate you carry. Ii tried 3 different salads which were all fresh and yummy.Truffle oil infused potatoes were nothing to write about. they love lamb at this buffet because there were 3 different dishes there, not a huge fan of lamb but they were ok as well.I didnt expect much from buffet sushi but it was actually surprisingly good since it was being prepared fresh constantly by the chef on site. There was a Pho station which was nice too, you don't usually see these at buffets. I also liked the brussels sprouts, and fingerling potatoes, red wine mushrooms and the pork bun.Kinda dissapointed that you have to pay $15 extra for king crab legs, i opted out since i wanted to focus on the regular menu items there.they did serve 2 kinds of king crab, (not legs) one in a butter sauce and the other in a bernaise sauce. both were overcooked and rubbery.I even tried the new batches they brought out to find the same result :(I didnt try the meat carving stations.Dessert did not dissapoint though, berries cherries all juicy and sweet.Huge tasty chocolate strawberries, great Gelato, i tries the pistachio and salty peanut flavors.I'd go back for sure.Currently the M is my favorite buffet but this may take that spot.BTW if youve got $90 to spend per person check out the sterling buffet at the Ballys! only open 1 day a week but its the Ultimate. top notch shit there
My favorite buffet yet! $35 for brunch buffet + unlimited bloody mary/mimosas bar...great deal! The food was DELICIOUS. All of us LOVED the food, the variety and..the desserts! No line at noon and just overall, a great great buffet experience!
I like the concept.....buffet style small dish servings. This is the newest buffet at the Cosmo hotel. It is a pretty decent offering and the twist is that some of the food options are already portioned in small serving dishes which you can pick up. Keeps the food wastage down and I think it improves the buffet experience by limiting inevitable self-serving errors (avoid getting a plateful of warm smoked salmon). Pastas were amazing and a cutting station with medium rare steak. Great desserts especially the gelato. Fresh, clean with waitstaff that aren't gruffing and huffing from the buffet grind. One of your better buffet options on the strip right now
Best buffet experience in Vegas, and I've tried them all.  Modern fusion twists on traditional world station offerings.  Consistently high quality.  Easy buffet to find and delight in healthy...healthier...dining, especially for a buffet. Delicious gelato to finish the meal.
Came here with the fabulous Jessica Y. (see review below).First off..I totally understood why there was no wait on a Saturday night. This place is located in a really random section of the hotel. Maybe people got lost trying to find the buffet?Dinner was $27.99 which is a little cheaper than say Bellagio or the Wynn.The first thing I noticed was the swanky interior. It matches the hotel in that everything is very modern.I knocked off a star for the food selection. I really thought there was not enough options. I usually go to the Bellagio or Wynn buffet and I usually come back with a FULL plate every time. At the Wicked Spoon...I kept staring at everything and just thought....meh.They give you little pots/pans instead of letting you scoop things until you realize you have 3 little pots/pans on your plate and no room for anything else. Those suckers take up space and they slide around your plate.I knocked off another star cause the food I got...I didn't like.I like my buffets with a mix of familiar and gourmet...but this place tried to be all fancy schmancy and failed at making the food taste good. The pizzas particularly looked really flat and unappetizing.I knocked off another star for their desserts. I am a girl and desserts mean everything to me when it comes to meals. No matter how full I am I will always have a FULL plate of desserts. All the stuff they had though was just so....safe and boring and repetitive. Chocolate covered strawberry or apple. Ice cream. A few cakes. How boring. How lame.In all my years coming to Vegas I ate the least here. I couldn't find anything and the dessert area made me sad.
I had to try it.  We were tired of the M (except I really like their cider, and when they serve it to me in a wine glass) so we wanted my brother to be the first in the family to try the Cosmo buffet (since my parents already hit up the M years before he could visit me again).We went on a Sunday night - line was nonexistent, price reasonable, ambiance great.  Our server Will was fantabulous - attentive, sense of humor, super fast on drink requests and refills.  He gave Eric R. three sprite refills at one time since he was unusually thirsty for soda, something he never drinks.  The iced tea was good - definitely brewed and not Lipton.  It was sort of oolong ish.  Will was the only reason I gave 2 stars instead of one.Yes, the plates are awkward.  You can fit like 3 or 4 items at a time, they are clunky and sliding everywhere.  Will told us he can only clear one person's mess at a time, which slows down his progress.  The worst for me was the lack of signage.  Personally, I don't like to put a bunch of food in my mouth that has no distinguishing characteristics.  What the heck were in half the dishes?!  I honestly have no idea.  I wasn't in the mood for an omelette, so everything was out of my control.The shrimp and crab fingers - served in pairs already in sauce...yuk.  Almost every dish I could find, labeled or not, had pork in it, except carving station stuff.  Pasta, shrimp dishes, creamed corn, you name it, it was pork-infested.  With limited options, I didn't enjoy much except the make-your-own noodle bowl station at the end of the buffet.The desserts were worse - nothing was labeled except the gelato.  I didn't know what the hot pink goo was or the purple fudge looking stuff was, so I didn't get any of that.  I asked Will why the food wasn't labeled.  He said lots of people ask him that, that the management is aware, but that the "signage is delayed on order."  I would hope the Cosmo has its own printer.  Oh well.  Not coming back here.
The location of the Wicked Spoon is a bit off and away from everything (depending on your whereabouts of the hotel). The meats selection was decadent although I only tried their New York strip steak. The rotisserie looked delicious but I didn't want to have to deal with the possibility of a dry chicken, cuz I absolutely hate that. Salads and pasta selection was great. One curious thing was how many lamb dishes they had. Overall, potions were greatly sized, even the meats were cut to a good portion. The desserts were to die for: crunch-chocolate covered strawberries in both white and milk chocolate, macaroons (not so good), egg custard with pineapple sauce, and their gelato was very flavorful and melted in your mouth the way it should ;)I would come here again, but then again I'm not big on buffets.
Why would anyone give this place less than 4 stars when you have all you can eat Lobster?I love the portion sizes too, very good concept and instead of just grabbing food, everything is sized perfectlyfor $27, it's a bargain
First off, let me say that I went here for lunch on a weekday. December 28th, 2010 to be exact. It cost $19. The decor of the buffet is amazing. You almost feel like you're in a fancy shmanzy restaurant. What I also thought was pretty cool is that they serve most of the food in these individual trays. So, you don't scoop it into your plate. Although this is cool, it definitely doesn't allow you to take a lot of food back to your table in one plate.So, why the 2 stars? Cuz the food was disappointing. It was mostly pastas. No roast beef or prime rib, or crab legs. You would think one of these would at least be on the menu if you're paying $19. I just remember eating a lot of dim sum, some cheesy potato dish, and some pasta dish that I can't remember.Maybe I'll try this place for dinner to see if it is better before writing this place off.
I actually had better expectations for this place since it is in an awesome new casino.1 star = for the individual servings; no need to scoop anything out2 stars = for the superb customer service of their waitress and waitresses that ensure you have everything you need.3 stars = for the little variety they had, the majority of everything I ate tasted good.It lacks the 4th and 5th star because there wasn't enough variety.  They have just about the right amount so I think the buffet is definitely worth trying.  They need to add a little flare to their menu though.  I'll come back in 6 months maybe; see if there is any changes.  Good thing is, there is not wait!  One thing they should add: a better seafood selection, like some crab legs, fresh raw oysters, and clams!
Dear Chef, please keep doing what you're doing now.  Don't succumb to the bad reviews...they are missing the point.This is, by far, the BEST Vegas buffet I have ever been to...THE BEST!For about $29 (tax included) you can eat at a pretty fancy restaurant -buffet style.  The food presentation was awesome.  The variety was unparalleled and unique.  This is some place I would love to take my parents to, and they don't like to eat at buffets very often because they feel gross in the end.  Seriously, where else can you get all-you-can-eat polenta, creamed corn, creamed spinach, potatoes with cheese and bacon, bone marrow, lamb, fresh berries, grapefruit & pomelo, those Chinese sticky rice tamale things, awesome deserts (my tiny key lime pie was lightly dusted with green limey powder, topped with some kind of red jelly and a gold flake) for under $30 in Vegas?  If you want volume and stereotypical food from everywhere around the world, this is not the place for you.  But if you want to feel human instead of like a pig at the end of your buffet experience, then this is the place to go.[VISIT - Jan 30 2011, dinner]
Loved this place! Definitely one of my Top 5 favorite buffets. It was a long walk to get to but I enjoyed the different types of artwork and took a lot of pictures so it wasn't boring. I personally loved the little pots and things that they served some of the food in. It was something different and I didn't mind making a few extra trips to load up my plate. My favorite selection was the mashed potatoes. The appearance wasn't anything special but I could taste the difference. Service was okay, not bad not great. The desserts weren't very appealing at first because I was really full but the chocolate covered strawberries were a plus. Kind of looked creepy because of the little crunchy dotty things that were on them and the apples but tasted great nonetheless.
I took my husband here as a part of his pre Birthday celebration.... I thought it would be cool. I felt bad because he couldn't really find anything to eat. He has really simple tastes and he said that this was too over the top for him. They had pizza which is one of his favorites but no pepperoni pizza just Chicken Parmesan. He tried to make a sandwich but they didn't have plain mustard just spicy. He tried the salads and he wasn't happy with that either. I was like "Go back up there and try to find something" While I'm stuffing my face with Kalbi. Yum...Kalbi good! They also had some pretty succulent lamb. I tasted the Crab in butter sauce but I didn't like it . They do make awesome Truffled Mashed Potatoes and the Brussell Sprouts with bacon were delicious. I don't know if it's the heavy sauces and creams that they use but you get full pretty quickly. I was disappointed about that and the fact that I could have taken my husband to the Palace Station Buffet and he would have been happier! The dessert was okay but some of it isn't edible it's just for looks. Like the Pink Cheeto looking things were just shaped sugar with no taste. I was only happy with the Chocolate Covered Strawberries. I know they want their food to look stylish but I think it should also taste good! I don't thinks it's impossible ...The Palms used to have these very cute mini pastries that looked cool and were very tasty! The food may make you feel bloated and tired. If you plan on eating here I would suggest just making this your meal of the day.
Ahh the Cosmopolitan you are over the top.. and so is your buffet.  The walk to the buffet is long and in a strange location.  It feels like walking 2 miles before you reach it.  However, this didn't stop me from going... TWICE.  On Thursday night for dinner we paid $27 it was good but some of the items were stale. The dim sum was atrocious and so was the crab.  Its nice to have the crab shelled for me but shieeeeeeet.  It was dry and rubbery. Sushi was alright too,  i liked how they had the sushi chef making the sushi right next to that station.  Thumbs up for having a mac and cheese station..  AMAZING!  I would say the best items were the pastas and salads.  The deserts were pretty, but tasted okay.  The second visit to the buffet was a lot better.  We paid $23 on Saturday for brunch.  Ahhh breakfast foods.. So delish. To die for hash browns, to die for chicken sausage, to die for Guinness pancakes.. yup i said that Guinness pancakes. YUMMMY! Everything on Saturday was fresh and tasty.  The selection was almost identical to dinner minus the breakfast items and lack of crab.Overall, I think this is one of the better buffets on the strip.  Although it sucks waiting in line. I would suggest going on a weekend.  More people= more food= food doesn't sit for long periods of time.
This place is AMAZING!!!The food here is incredible! First of all, the hotel is pretty awesome...but I had heard more about the Wicked Spoon than I did about the hotel! For $27/person...this is the best deal in town!The individual portions are pretty awesome! It feels cleaner and nicer...I hate getting food after someone that likes to stir the entire tray to find that single piece of whatever they're looking for! Ugh! This is not a problem here!They have bone marrow! Seriously...awesome!!! Delicious...They have such an incredible variety of food...it was really hard to decide what to eat! Everything is presented very well...and MOST of the food was to my liking. I will say that the pork belly in the bun was a bit disappointing...it seems the pork belly wasn't cooked long enough to get that tender texture that you'd find at the good Chinese restaurants. The king crab meat was delicious...but the way it was prepared lacked some flavor.The desserts seem never ending! A fudge station...Really great! O...M...G...unlimited chocolate covered strawberries!!! Gelato galore! So many treats to eat...ohhh it was incredible!This is an outstanding buffet. However, solely based on food, this is a 4-star buffet. But...we had an incredible server...Josie! In fact, she is the best server I have ever had at ANY buffet! She was on top of it...refills were aplenty and usually before we even asked her (except this one time where she forgot my friend's Coke...and we definitely reminded her throughout the night about that one missed Coke!). Josie was engaging...keeping a spirited and welcomed conversation with us! Josie's sense of humor is what makes the "Wicked" in the Wicked Spoon! Josie truly made our Wicked Spoon experience a 5-star extravaganza! You can be sure that when I go back to the Wicked Spoon, I will specifically ask to be seated in Josie's section!!!So in summary:Savory Foods - 4 starsDesserts - 5 starsDecor - 4 starsService - A Zillion stars!
Most of the food is decent. We went on a random Wednesday night for dinner and I found the carving station to be just ok. The shrimp and snow crab cocktails were good, but where it really falls flat as a buffet is on the king crab. It's served shelled on a warmer in 2 types of sauce and when we went was dry, chewy, and a big disappointment as king crab was my main reason for going.They're on a good track, less creativity and better taste and they'd have 4 stars from me. I wouldn't even complain about the selection.
This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  I went once for dinner, and twice for breakfast in early January 2011.  Dinner featured surprising items like pieces of dungeness and king crab already out of the shell and ready to eat.  Very good variety, and lots of Asian menu items.  The deserts including the gelato were exceptional. Service was very professional and courteous.  Drink refills can be a little slow because they bring you a whole new cup/glass instead of doing refills.  The same for requests for ketchup, hot sauce, etc.(they do not put the bottles on the table, choosing to pour small amounts in a small serving dish which takes longer for your server.  The buffet also features many items on small plates which makes for a cleaner, more sanitary buffet.I don't recall the exact prices, but they are cheaper thank Wynn, Aria, and Bellagio.  Less than $30 for dinner and less than $20 for breakfast brunch.
Ok first ofa ll i have to say that I've been and tried a whole lot of buffet in Vegas and by far this one is my favorite. Why you ask? Well I am not a big eater and actually hates the buffet concept of pilling up your food on the same plate. I also tend to lose interest when the buffet selection is way to much. It's like shopping shoes to me, yes it's nice to have a huge selection but if they are crappy why even bother right. Which brings me to my point why the concept of small individual plates is very appealing to me on a buffet such at The Wicked Spoon. They have delicious and tender meat, the chinese section is surprisingly good and not greasy, the bread selection was also yummy and not hard. and lastly the dessert maybe small in scale compare to the Wynn but was scrumptious and different. Did I mention the servers here are so attentive. oh and my tea was gourmet not some lipton grocery brand. All in all I would definitely come back here next time we go to Vegas.PS. i also love the decor and the bottled water they serve.
This place's idea about individual portions is pretty awesome. There is definitely more attention paid to the actual food than you would have in other buffets. Service was nice, although it became a bit of a "Where's Waldo" when we wanted to ask for some Sprite later on in the meal. New York Steak was really good for a buffet and I really enjoyed the miso shrimp salad. I want to come back to try for dinner, as we came during brunch!
So I went back for another round...specifically asked for Josie to be our server (of course!).There was definitely some changes to the buffet...the selections were somewhat different (what a nice surprise!). They didn't have the Lamb Osso Bucco (which I was sorely disappointed), but they certainly had other things to compensate for this loss...like crab claws! YUM!Josie was again fantastic...and I brought my parents and grandmother along this time! She was super attentive and made sure we always had everything we needed. Josie even impressed my father, who can be hard to please. LOL.We also met Alex, the manager for the Wicked Spoon...great guy and very friendly. He certainly has a great buffet to be proud of...and a great team of servers!Dining at the Wicked Spoon is probably one of the most enjoyable buffet experiences we've ever had...the food, the service, the ambiance are all simply fantastic!For the remainder of our trip, we were pretty disappointed at everywhere else we ate...and we compared every meal to our experience at the Wicked Spoon. Sadly, no other place was comparable.I'm looking forward to coming back to Vegas soon...just to eat at the Wicked Spoon! :-)
Past the giant shoes and the ring of dogs deep within the depths of the 2nd level of Cosmo, you'll find the Wicked Spoon.  I don't know what Deutsche Bank was thinking when they designed this place as everything seems to be so hidden, but it's definitely worth the adventure to get here.  Got a pretty good deal here since we came a bit before 11 so only paid the breakfast price of $17.99 and was able to get all the lunch stuff.  But I would of paid the lunch price since that's when the dessert section opens.  Holy shit, that's a nice spread and worth it.I like this buffet because although it lacks in variety, the quality of the food is amazing.  Alot of the food is already prepared in servings so you're not guessing how much to take.  But like most buffets, it's always great when they are new.  Let's see if they can keep it up.
really enjoyed this buffet, had the tapas style concept. staff was super friendly. i think they change up the menu frequently cuz they didn't have a lot of the foods mentioned in yelp reviews but had other ones on the night i went. my fav was the bone marrow, first time trying it and loved it!  also all the desserts looked great but all tasted like crap except the chocolate covered strawberries...those were yummy!
Managers mean to there employees. The service was really lacking so much so I really wanted to say something. Food was good and there was plenty of it. We made it there at the end of breakfast so we stayed a bit and tried some of there lunch stuff. The food here is worth checking out. The low rating is for there lack of service.
My new favorite buffet place in Vegas! I love love love this place! esp after having dinner at The spice market at Planet Hollywood because then i could compare. Everyone goes to the buffet in vegas, but obviously not all of them are good. Since this is new, i wanted to try it so bad and it was definitely a great decision! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's new, it looks very nice and you can tell that they do try to make things very eye-catchy and food at high quality. i think the most important part of the buffet is the dessert section..to me at least! The dessert section here is amazing, well, compare to wynn and bellagio, they're similar, It's nothing more or special that makes them more superior but it's good enough that i ate till my stomach was about to explode! They have almost everything that u can imagine at a buffet here. The best part was of cox the dessert station with all kinds of chocolate barks, chocolate dipped strawberries, YUM!, chocolate dipped mini apples, cakes, tarts, etc. They also have a wide range of gelato flavors, from the simple chocolate to buttered rum. They serve it to you in a cup or a mini cone, your choice, they even have a chocolate waffle cone for you to choose from. Amazing! Another thing that's a must try is the mac and cheese station, i fell in love with it and got another round of it even though i was completely full. You basically go there and tell him wat you want in your mac and cheese, you choose ur own cheese (blue, ricotta, or cheddar), type of mac, toppings (lobster, crab, onions, sausage, etc), yum! Other things that i would eat there are the prime ribs, shrimp, salad, this seared salmon with some kind of sauce, forgot the name of it, but it was good! I just can't think of cons of this place so far. I would definitely go back there again. Oh maybe one of the cons is that the servers are not too bright, we were constantly getting some drinks that we didn't order that was probably from another table, and getting refills for a drink that's not even half empty yet, but not getting refills for a drink that was empty 30 mins ago. Also, the guy at the prime rib station..eh. i can only say he was..nervous? Anyways. the food and atmosphere are good enough reasons for me to come back.
Definitely a nice buffet to try a variety of items and get some nice presentation and eye candy from it that you miss out on when you go to a buffet as to a fine dining restaurant in Vegas.  There was definitely a wide selection and some interesting items.  I really loved the roasted turkey and london broil and the interesting variety in the salad bar.  The dessert section was definite pleasure and my friends couldn't stop raving on how good the candy crab apples were.There weren't that many workers there when we went, but the lady that helped us very helpful even if she was really busy.  It was a fun place to try!
I think this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas, each food item was special.
I visited the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times this past week.  I have to say, the food and atmosphere are great!  I wasn't quite sure how they would pull off single servings on a buffet, but it worked out beautifully!  This buffet is right up there with the Bellagio Buffet.  The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because we experienced sub-par service on a few visits.  Specifically, having to wait far too long for drinks.  If they would speed up the drink service, I would easily offer five stars.
With the ability to eat over 5000 calories a day and not gain a pound I am no stranger to a buffet.  I was slightly disappointed in the selection at The Wicked Spoon. Albeit a great price at 15 dollars it still missed the mark.  I must admit to being a bit picky. I try not to eat gluten or dairy but rarely have had any issue in vegas. Right now I'm staring at my coffee that is black because they had no dairy substitutes. Everything here was either full of gluten or dairy. Even the hash browns were smothered in cheese. 2 plates of egg whites and fruit does not make a satisfying meal to me. Healthy yes but the splurge on food that one expects to make at a buffet let alone Vegas this was not. I will say the fruit was real fresh and the food looked good even if I couldn't eat it.
Let me first state that, even though I'm a fat chick, I am not a fan of buffets.I find them common, over done and nothing really new.  So finding myself stuck at the Cosmo for the HP CES Press conference and my son starving we decided to go to the buffet for a late lunch.  I really wasn't expecting much because of the afore mentioned aversion to buffets and the lateness in the afternoon (almost 2pm) It's nice, even at age 55, to be surprised.  We walked right in, and got a great seat.  It was busy but not overly crowded.  Our waiter was right there to take our drink orders and to let us know what stations were available. Having survived the 2nd day of CES, I rewarded myself with a mid day cocktail, the Mombo Italiano-- a hand crafted Bloody mary with infused garlic vodka  I'd go back JUST for the drink at 12.00 each. Here is what sets this particular buffet apart: They have, for all of you watching your weight, portioned containers of very interesting food.  With little signs that say how many calories & how many carbs per portion.  Brilliant marketing since there are so many who fail to recognize they have fabulous curves.  I had the Mac & bleu cheese--yum and the wild rice with lamb and goat cheese.  The carving stations.  yes multiple.  I could dive head first into the Asian style bbq pork.  It was melt in your mouth.  The staff was friendly and made suggestions of what were their favorites.  I have to say, as I'm writing this realizing the best part of the 2x we've been there, was the staff.  I do like the food selections and the twist with the portioned servings... also made me exercise to walk back up and get another serving... knowing it was 220 calories each.  I did save room for dessert, a wide selection indeed.  Rice Crispy treats dipped in chocolate? yummo.  Living in Vegas, it is only for out of town guests and work that I go anywhere near the strip but last week, with no company and no clients, we opted to actually go to the Wicked Spoon for lunch.  If nothing else, for a Vegas local, that says a lot.
Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
I think I had pretty low expectations of this buffet after reading all the Yelp reviews. This might account for the 4 star rating, but I'm sticking with it. Haha.We came in on a Thursday about 8:45. Not the busiest time of the week, so service was pretty attentive as opposed to the complaints about plates stacking up at the table for long periods of time and drinks going unfilled. I didn't run into any of these problems. This is a new hotel, so obviously there is a grace period where staff has to work out a lot of their kinks, so this could count account for the slower service in the past. I do agree with many of Yelpers about the tapas style servings being a total waste. I'm sure they'll probably get rid of that concept eventually. It's just too difficult to try to balance lots of tiny little plates on one large plate and yes, many of the food items like pasta and potatoes became dry and lost their flavor and textural interest. I stuck with the kalbi, red wine mushrooms and crab cocktail. They have a lot of variety and I appreciated a lot of the interesting food options they attempted, even though they didn't always hit the mark perfectly at least they took the chance and I admire that.The desserts are yummy. I can never get enough chocolate covered strawberries, French macaroons or gelato. Stay away from the chocolate covered crabapples. They're pretty than they taste. I have faith this buffet will hit a groove at some point and I think it is definitely a good option for AYCE on the strip.
This place was really, really good. I was not a fan of the small plates. That's my only major complaint. Everything else was delicious. I've officially discovered French macarons and I'm a fan. Big time. Purple cookies. Who would've known. I love lamb and I like lots of it. I stuck with the osso bucco, leg of lamb and couldn't resist the short ribs as well. The service was pretty good too. Our server took the time out to get to know us and chit chat. We requested lots of drinks and she brought them two at a time. Loved that. If only they had all you can drink beer and wine.
We did this buffet for breakfast.  My only real complaint that it was hard to find the joint.  We walked for what seemed like forever, through halls filled with artsy gigantic high-healed shoes (that were kinda cute actually).  Finally, we reached our destination.Overall the experience was enjoyable.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was so friendly, and extremely attentive.  The drinks kept coming, and as soon as a plate was empty, she was there to take it away.  I liked the bottled water on the table for no additional charge.  That was a very nice touch.  I thought the coffee was pretty good, and the orange juice was fresh and sweet.As for the food available, I did like the individual portions available.  My personal favorite was the eggs benedict, and the bacon at this buffet was actually crisp!  I hate the undercooked soggy stuff that's all clumped together!  The sweet breakfast items were tasty too.  I tried some cherry danish and what I thought was a blueberry muffin top...YUM.
The food at this place is really good.  We stopped by here not long after it opened, so I'm sure quality control was extremely stringent.  The wait staff was attentive and very friendly.  The dining area is large, and the plates are all very gourmet (small plate style).  We came here for the brunch.  Bottomless mimosa is available for ten dollars more.  Every dish here was tasty (for buffet caliber foods), and not a single one disappointed me.  I still think the Wynn is my favorite, but this is a strong contender.
I agree with other reviewers, it's a hike to get here from the hotel entrance, and there's nothing in between, but once you get here it is pretty dang tasty. Obviously you are at a buffet, so the ambiance kind of sucks, but there is a huge selection, and the people watching is worth the admission price. We were sat directly across from the seafood area. Let's just say the human body can ingest a lot more crab claws than I though possible. It's not cheap ($27 a person for dinner) but it's high quality food in huge quantities.
So I'm not a huge buffet person bc although I eat a lot, I can't stuff my face too much at one sitting and don't like to mix lots of genres at once...that being SAID...I absolutely loved this place...went twice in one week, once for lunch just cause we were walking nearby and once for weekend brunch. Both days pretty similar. What I liked is I did not feel like I was in a cafeteria or old country bufffet. The decor was great and it was very contemporary, including the food. I liked how they had individual portions plated into little skillets or cast iron pots. The variety of beef short rib entrees was amazing considering that's one of my favorite dishes! Had sushi (blah) and lots of interesting delicious plates.  Dessert was great and they even had gelato/sorbet. Overall, very highly recommended!
Best. Buffet. Ever!!!!Trekked across the hotel to find the buffet- seriously, a tram would be nice.The buffet was pretty well priced for the hotel. The plating was awesome, felt like I was on Top Chef. Lots of small plates, which I think is great to eliminate waste. The New York Strip steak was awesome, tender and very flavourful.Best thing for me though, was the desserts and pretty much the gelato/ice cream. I inhaled my Tiramisu gelato and much as I wanted to finish my Cheesecake, I was way too stuffed.The service was good, the decor lovely and not Vegas garish. A truly wicked dining experience.
For $19 all you can eat lunch, they had sushi (well, only cali roll, tempura roll but...), dim sum (well, only three choices), NY steak strips, roasted pork strips, smoked salmon slices, salads, thin crust pizzas and a whole bunch of different pastas, pad thai, etc. It was a pretty good too! Not greasy and old. And their dessert selections were more than Wynn's buffet. I say it's the best buffet in vegas so far!
OMG I'm a fan! The dessert bar is AMAZING! =)Some people aren't too crazy about the separate/small plates, but I love it. I'm not one to mix my sauces when I eat food so it works for me. I think it's what makes the place stand out from other buffets.We went during lunch around 2PM on Sunday. There was a little bit of a line, but moved pretty fast since the staff ask how many are in your party before you even pay. I paid $50 including tax for 2 people. Not bad for vegas buffet of good quality. It would be 30 something per person if you wanted unlimited mimosas/blood marys with your meal.Service was attentive and quick. Water pitchers provided for each table. Glasses always kept half full. Tables always cleared when coming back with more food.Food had a good variety. There was a nice spread of salads/breads, breakfast, pasta/pizza, shrimp cocktails, prime rib/meat station, omelet station, asian section. They might have as many choices but most of what I ate was tasty. My favoriate was the eggs benedict!
I went here a few weeks after they opened, and walking through the Cosmopolitan, I was mesmerized by their decor.  As we walked up to the desk, they were having a lot of issues with the register and for some reason couldn't scan our credit card, obviously the girl was new, but we were all so hungry and a bit irritated.  Finally we were seated and we rushed to the food line.  I must say their presentation is like dining at a French restaurant, everything is portioned out and so well presented.  I first walked down their cheese and bread aisle, I took a little bit of everything and I was a bit disappointed.  I love bread and there's not a lot of bread i hate, but everything tasted hard and stale.  Not my cup of tea, so I went back and took a little bit of everything else.  I tried their mushroom in a red wine reduction, that I enjoyed, then I had some of their salmon, didn't like the taste of it, I got some Kalbi, the meat was super salty, the pho noodles were terrible, it tasted like chicken broth and noodles.  The lobster was also very tough and not tasty at all. The only hot food dish i enjoyed was their Shrimp, now that was really good.  It was a spicy salt and pepper seasoning and i went back for more of that, other than that I just went back once for everything else, and I normally do not do that.So after i finished i thought the dessert never lets me down, so I walk over there and they had little milk and white chocolate dipped gala apples on a stick, bars of chocolate, different parfaits and cakes and also gelato.  The apples were terrible, they were very soft and mushy, tasted like they were bruised, the bars of chocolate was good, the parfaits combined too many random flavors together, the only thing I enjoyed and glad they didn't go wrong was the pistachio gelato.  Other than the shrimp and gelato, I definitely wouldn't go back again, unless the day I went the chef was just having a bad day.  Their service here is good though and the waiter was always there to refill the drinks.
$34 for delicious "On the Strip" Buffet is a deal that can't be beat!! I've heard though that the buffet is better on weekends than weekdays, and my Saturday night buffet dinner did not disappoint. There's a "macaroni bar", a hand roll sushi chef, and a great dessert selection with fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, and ice creams! And all the usual seafoods, sushi, carved meats - the food was great, ambiance was fun too.I was in a large birthday party group (apparently you can make reservations for large parties?) and so we were placed in a separate room, which was really cool and made the meal feel less "buffety". One of the managers Adam, was really great in taking care of the birthday cake - the chef fixed the icing (the cake slid around inside the box while we walked from the parking lot to the buffet), cut the cake, and then boxed up the extra pieces. It was really  great personal service that we didn't really expect from a buffet - but I would definitely come back for the service and the food. I don't know if the pricing is low to compete with the bigger names of Wynn and Bellagio buffet, but right now the Cosmo Buffet is my favorite on the strip, and at a great price!!
Uninspired. That's the best way to describe the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I , giddy since we just dropped the kids off at school,had Valentines Day breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The dining room was pretty cool, done up in browns and was very modern in a West Elm kinda way. My hubby did make a snide remark about the female Wait Staff uniform. It was a strange brown ginghamy, wrinkled, shirt-dress type deal that was not at all flattering. The breakfast spread was cool, with small individual servings of items like 3 kinds of benedicts, smoothies, yogurt parfaits. The presentation was about the only great thing about this place. The benedicts, though made in small batches, had hard biscuits at the base, dry tough ham and sauces that quickly congealed making them very unappetizing. Hubby and I were unable to eat our respective benedicts. They had red velvet pancakes.... Babycakes don't even break a sweat... they were just dried up red colored pancakes with dried cream cheese drizzled on. The omelet station had some great fresh looking savory fillings but the avocado topping they placed on mine had a weird tangy taste that ruined it for me! Wait staff was nice enough but slow, took their time clearing plates and refilling water They serve you water in these glass bottles. I'm sure they refill them but at least you have access to water while they take their time working the room! The plu$$es: Great breads especially their tangy sourdough! Good granola Walnut French Toast Omelet Station - just no avocado pleeze! Individual cereal boxes... some good kinds not just Raisin Bran! $15 dollars for a weekday breakfast.. not so bad.  I can at least say I tried the place.
Came here on a friday night around 5 pm for an early dinner, and there were no lines. Our party was seated immediately which was great! One thing that caught my attention at the buffet is the presentation of the dishes. Most, if not all of the dishes were served in individual platters. I thought that was an ingenious idea to help minimize the wasting of food. Another thing I loved about this buffet is the dessert section!! Mini candy apples? Need i say more? Every dessert i tasted was incredibly good. Only thing though is thAt it seemed like they were short on staff because it took a while to get any of the waiter/waitresses attention as they were pretty busy. This is the only reason why i gave this place a four star, otherwise it would've been easily a five star. I highly recommend this place to anyone who pays vegas a visit!
My boyfriend and I aren't your traditional Vegas types--we don't go to Vegas to gamble, or to go to strip clubs--we go to eat. We've eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, and every buffet. Most of the time, we always go to The Wynn. However, upon a recommendation we decided to try the Wicked Spoon. This place rocks. Bottomless mimosa brunch, fantastic assortment of food options. Typically at Vegas buffets you find that a chef does one thing particularly well, but Wicked Spoon hits all the right marks. It's not Per Se, but it's everything you expect out of a great Las Vegas buffet and more.My favorite dish was the pasta (orecchiette?) with short rib, mushrooms, parm and brown sauce. I can't communicate how delicious this was--I went back for several second helpings--and I still dream about this dish. I have pregnant lady late night cravings for it. And I'm a man.
Fan-freaking-tastic!  Food is fresher than 95% of all buffets I've been to and the tapa style "take-away" portions are ingenious ideas to keep the food more sanitary.  I dare say gourmet-buffet.
My boyfriend and I visit Vegas fairly often and usually we skip the buffets.  This time, we were in the mood to try one we've never eaten at for dinner. We went to Wicked Spoon for Friday dinner. It was only $26.99 (we loved it already!)When we got there, we were amazed at the individual portions.  Everything looked so good.  So, we decided to first check out everything before we started shoving food onto our plates.  We were literally running around oohing and aahing.  We were like 2 kids (grown adults) in a candy store.The Asian food was surprisingly good!  The fried rice is usually overlooked, but it's really good.  So are their rolls and dim sum.The ricotta spinach was also something that was really good.  It's creamy, but also light.The consistency of their mashed potatoes were the best!  The Korean need salad was tasty and super refreshing.  They even had crab claws that were already cracked.  The shrimp cocktail had the shrimp completely peeled and defined.  (Prefect for lazy people like me!)I don't eat lamb, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it with the chimichurri sauce.  The mac n cheese bar was amazing!  My boyfriend also loved the goat cheese mac n cheese.The dessert was impressive.  They even had desserts served in real painted eggshells.  Very creative.  The chocolate covered apples were my favorite!Oh!  And the service was impeccable!  Everyone was really nice and helpful.
0 stars. Over this past holiday weekend we stopped by The Cosmopolitan to check it out before heading to The Buffet at The Bellagio. We found out there was a buffet at this casino/resort and decided to try it out. I don't understand why people are stating it's difficult to find, when it's really not if you can read the signs that lead you to the 2nd floor. Anyways, we arrive at the entrance to the buffet and there is a lady standing there stating they were not letting any more people in. WTH?! When does a buffet reject people entry???? I was willing to wait the 1-2 hrs to try their buffet, but didn't even have the chance to stand in line. The line wasn't even ridiculously long. They lost business that day not only from me, but from the other people who were willing to wait in their line to see what their buffet had to offer.I will be back in April and at that time I will hopefully be able to write a real review on their dishes. If you're wondering where we ended up eating, it was back to The Buffet at The Bellagio... where we waited about an hr.
there's a saying in korea, "10 years can move mountains and rivers", but it seems like 1 year is enough to change vegas. since my last visit back in late 2009, many new hotels have been recently added to the city's directory, and one is always trying to outdo another. the hubby and i were informed of these hip, ritzy and stylish new additions, and how they were now "must's" in vegas, cosmopolitan being one of them. in fact, on our way to vegas, my sis (on her way back from vegas!) told me about her new fascination with wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan. i normally despise buffet, but the moment my sister said "ice cream station", i knew i was sold. after a good night sleep, we woke up at 8am and mapped out our itinerary for the day that evolved around two feasts. we exercised vigorously (see the review of encore's fitness center below) and walked about a mile in cosmopolitan hotel before we reached the buffet. at 10:30am on saturday morning, there was no line and the dining hall was not too crowded. there were the standard breakfast items (hard as brick waffles, soggy pancakes, made to order omelets, fresh fruits, miniature boxed cereals, assortment of breads and edible yogurt) along with carving station (ny steak, some sausage, some pork part and other protein thing), cold seafood section (smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail), italian food (pizza, pasta and ravioli stuff) and asian food section (sushi, dumplings and korean kalbi). obviously, i didn't bother to inspect the meat station too much, but i sure frequented the seafood and asian food stations multiple times. the smoked salmon was surprisingly fresh and tasty. we also liked the shrimp dumplings although the skin was a bit dried. however, their kalbi was the worse i had in a while with overly sweet and burnt flavors. the show stopper of wicked spoon buffet was the dessert station, specifically the ice cream bar with 14-16 different flavors. i tackled small scoops of pistachio, strawberry, amaretto, oreo cookie and tiramisu, and they all seemed decent, although a little too sweet for me. there were decadent dessert offerings such as mini madeline cookies and french macarons which sadly did not live up to my expectations. the usuals such as chocolate covered strawberries and apples were good, but again, not great. many of the food were served in individual sized pots, cups and dishes (probably will reduce waste and keep the food fresh) so lines moved really fast and the stations were kept clean. the overall look of the dining space is modern and comfortable with some big tables to accommodate large parties. the waitresses wear some gloomy, tacky brown plaid shirt dresses which literally made me feel depressed to look at them, but they were some of the hardest working bunch. the hubby felt bad how other tables left no tip, so we went the other route and left them a generous amount. by now, you should know what to expect from a buffet...mediocre food, high price tag and looking like 5 month pregnant! as long as you don't compare the food to your "favorite" sushi, steak, pizza joint or authentic home cooked meal, wicked spoon buffet might satisfy your edacious nature. actually, $25 brunch buffet in vegas is not a bad deal at all.
I love this buffet! The dessert station is simply amazing. If you have a sweet tooth, this is your paradise. They have a huge selection of gelatos, ice cream, pastries, chocolate, etc. The food is really good too. Brunch is until 3pm and they leave all of their breakfast items out for you to eat - scrambled eggs, egg whites, sausage, pancakes, bacon, etc. The price isn't bad either. The wait time is a bit long on the weekend and it's worth it!
My husband and I wanted to go to the seafood buffet at Rio but decided not to because people were giving so so reviews on Yelp.  We decided to try the Wicked Spoon at the new hotel Cosmopolitian.  First off let me say that this is my favorite hotel in Vegas...So pretty!!!The buffet is different from other buffets.  You know how you go to a buffet and see what you like and then you scoop how much you want on your plate...by the time you get to your table you have a plate full of the whole buffet all smooched together.  This place is different.  They give you individual portions for most of their dishes.  And they give it to you in these cute little pots.  Sometimes they give to you in these cute little plates.  Its very elegent.  This also prevents you from over stuffing yourself quickly...here you do that slowly...hhahahaThe food is very good.  They had this steak on top of some pesto and some seasoned cucumbers.  Oh that was awesome and very tasty.  Their korean BBQ short ribs were so freakin good.  They just come off the grill and its so tender and juicy.  The only thing that was a disappointment was that they didn't have the crab legs...I was kind of looking forward to those.  But they do have crab claws with cocktail sauce.  But I felt like I had to grab 10 plates of those little things.  Their dessert is also good.  They have the typical cakes and different flavors of gelato.They don't really have a big buffets like the other buffets in vegas.  They have a smaller variety...but when you get something it usually is pretty good.  Less variety with great quality.It's an interesting experience.  If you come to Vegas...make sure you try out this buffet.
I can't lie, I had overhyped this place in my mind after checking the reviews here at yelp.  The bone marrow roast and the lamb had me sold.  The Guinness pancakes were just the kicker.  It was ON!However, we went for Saturday brunch and neither the lamb nor the marrow were available at that hour and the guy behind the counter said that they don't do Guinness pancakes.  I was crushed.That said, the food there was just fine, it just wasn't what I had hoped.  The variety of foods was impressive but I have to say that the selection within each food genre seemed kinda slim.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib-y thing and the kielbasa.For dessert, as others have mentioned, look good, but there were no signs to suggest what each item is.  I was mighty full by the time I hit the dessert bar so, while I was quite impressed with the presentations, I statyed away fro most of ht pretty looking unknown treats.  I got a plate of berries and lemon gelato which was just light enough for my dessert.I have to also mention that I got the bottomless mimosas with the meal.  I had two mimosas and then moved to bloody Marys.  The bloody Marys were much better than the mimosas.The ambiance was much nicer than those of the Rio World Buffet or the M Resort's Studio B buffet, but I have to say that I preferred the food at both the Rio and the M over Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.One final note.  We had a large group, 16 people.  The manager was kind enough to allow two of us to line up while the rest of our group gathered (most of us had a late night).  After the pair reached the front of the line they gave us 15 minutes to gather our group and then they let us all right in, reserving a pair of cashiers to let us all pay individually.  After seating us, the initial response from our waitress seemed kind of annoyed and b*tchy, but after we figured everything out (drink orders and what not) the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  I can't say I blame them for being initially annoyed at the confusion.It was a good experience, and the food was good.  But I would be sure to check the food list before coming in, and honestly, I think I'm more inclined to check out some of the other buffets or returning to Studio B before coming back to Wicked Spoon.
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.  What I like about this place is that it's not overpriced like Wynn or Bellagio.  At $27 for dinner on a Sunday is a great Vegas steal for the quality and selections the Wicked Spoon had.I like how they portion out certain items into a small miniature pot that fits on your plate.  This way, you don't over-scoop something onto your plate that you might not like.  Also, this way you can save you stomach to sample all the items without going full so quick.The service is really good here and servers make sure your table doesn't fill up with dirty plates. Even though this place made a great impression...I can give Wicked Spoon 5 stars for their Chocolate Cookies alone.  OMG, they were sooo good!
Good place to eat and the food is very good. Not your traditional buffet and it may seem to be a bit of a turn off to some. They don't have the traditional mac n' cheese, spaghetti, etc. but the quality of ingredients and taste are all there. must check out.
Ive been hearing a lot of hype about this place so of course I had to try it when I went to Vegas last week. I went for brunch and it was $23 bucks which is relatively cheap compared to other buffets. There was a group of 8 of us and we waited for about 30 minutes in line to get seated. I really like the concept of this place...how they prepare some of the dishes in little pots and pans. The food was pretty good for what it is but not spectacular and i wasn't blown away. It definitely was not the best buffet that Ive ever had in Vegas. The quality of the food was somewhat mediocre. I really liked the dessert station though...they had really pretty and cute desserts, but again nothing spectacular. Maybe this place is better for dinner...i don't know but I don't think I'd go here again.
Eat here, if not for the cutely portioned food then for the sexiness the hotel exudes. As one of the newest hotels on the strip, The Cosmopolitan just screams "COOL" with the buffet trailing not far behind. I guarantee you'll leave the place feeling DOUBLE-O-SEVEN suave, despite just having gorged on a feast of prime rib and chocolate covered strawberries.While I will always remain loyal to "The Buffet" at the Bellagio (a go-to on every one of my Vegas trips) this is a refreshing and damn awesome (and did I mention sexy?) alternative.
Swanky, bougie, beautiful, & yummy pretty much describes the Cosmopolitan when I first stepped foot in this hotel and coincidently, these are the words that describe the Wicked Spoon buffet as well!At $19 for a lunch buffet, you're paying for eye-candy, creative displays of food, and a taste of around-the-world! Korean, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American cuisines & moooore! I especially loved that foods like mac n' cheese & chicken pot pie came in a mini-metal pot that kept them warm and fun to look at and eat. Heck, even water at each table came in a tall glass bottle. Sweet potato fries came in a mini-fryer and the desserts? OH MYYYY! My absolute favorite part of my lunch! Gelato, milk & white chocolate covered strawberries & mini apples, macaroons, cute little cups filled with cakes, alll YUMMMY...and aphrodisiacs ;]. My lunch definitely entertained my eyes and tummy.Sadly, aside from all of the glitz and beauty of it all, what knocks off a star would be the lack of SEAFOOD during lunch. Where's my fish? Salmon? Oysters? Crab legs?? These were probably all available during dinner, but I wish I had em' for lunch!! Nonetheless, even though it wasn't tooo big of a buffet, I'd experience Wicked Spoon again at the price of $19! You'll most definitely be eating with your eyes here.
I'm not a big fan of buffets because I eat like a mouse. So it's just a waste. But my friend and I had to try this place because of all the glowing reviews!Sunday buffet was about $23. There was no line so we were seated immediately.It took about 15 minutes after we sat down from our 1st place that someone asked for our drink order including water. But service got better after we got our drinks. I think more staff was starting to work. The food was okay. There was a lot of variety from traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, and pancakes to more ethnic varieties of tacos, sushi, dimsum, and pasta. But nothing stood out except the ham and the pastries. The ham was moist and cooked perfectly. The pastries were flaky and tasty. Also disorganized. Staff couldn't tell if people were still eating or if they left. They cleared out our neighbor's table and gave it to another party only to find out the original party was still eating and now had no place to sit! The original party was polite about the situation and agreed to sit somewhere else.
Aesthetically, this place is amazing. The decor, the presentation of their food, and even the hotel in itself is beautiful. I might've over hyped this place as I usually do since I was tired, grumpy, and most likely hungover but I thought the food was decent especially for its price (23$) I love breakfast, so I was overwhelmed when I saw that they had such a nice variety of brunch spread. This place had a lot of potential to be perfect but the food was a bit cold, some stale and what really killed the whole experience for me was how awful their macarons were. I love macarons.
Custom Mac and cheese was great, pad thai, pizza, and every dessert we tried were all delicious.  We will return.
There was no line! Dined here about 7:15p on a Thursday. $27 for dinner, so about $29 with tax. Very friendly service. Got seated right by the entrance so everyone coming in can see us, but whatever. We were waiting for a friend anyways so this made it easy for him to find us.Nicely decorated and not too large of a dining area. So it's easy to get around. Start at the left with appetizers and salads, and work your way to the right, ending you with a vast array of fudge and other decadent sweets.It is very nice that most of the items are individually portioned. But even with the small portions, I didn't actually finish any of the dishes because I wanted to make sure I could try everything. And the crab claws already opened and in little saucers with cocktail sauce, nice touch! The salads were fantastic. The breads, not that great. The kobe beef shoulder, yum! Also the truffle scalloped potato, delicious! There was a select few items I did not care for, but I don't even remember it. I read notes that someone mentioned the braised short ribs and they were as expected, tender and flavorful!I didn't try much from the pizza/pasta or asian section. I had to save room for desserts!I loved their selection for ice cream. I tried the coconut lime and the pb&j. Both were yummy with a little tiny cone I used as a scooper :)Also note the amazing quantity of large chocolate covered strawberries, some plain, some white chocolate, some with nuts, some with oreos, etc. Also mini chocolate dipped apples! YUMMY!And then there were crepes, which I didn't get a chance to try. Cookies there were really good. Strongly alcoholic tiramisu cups. Other sweets that were too sweet. Overall, though great place with a nice selection. A close second to Wynn Buffet IMO, but for the price, I might come here more often.Our server, I can't remember her name, but she was very sweet and everyone worked together to make sure we had enough room on our table for new plates as we eat very quickly and create a ton a dishes. Good job.One thing, The buffet is such a long walk from the rest of the restaurants. If you go up the escalator/elevator by the chandelier, you gotta walk through a long hallway passing by 2 large high heel shoes and another quiet hall to finally reach the buffet at the end. But note: if you are only coming for the buffet, park at the west elevator and take that escalator up that is right by there instead of walking all the way through the casino and back around upstairs. ;)
For the price, the buffet is alright. The assortment was mediocre, and so was the food. The buffet is smaller than other buffets in Vegas, and there is no overlapping of lunch/dinner. They're closed from 3-5 pm basically, and if you are there for lunch, you are also there for breakfast. I went around 2 pm on a Saturday and 1/4 of the food was breakfast foods. The nicest thing about this buffet is:-price-service-presentationDon't come for lunch, come for dinner. I hear the dinner here is good.
Vegas has a new best buffet so $5.99 off strip buffets and $39.99 on strip buffets move out of the way and let Wicked Spoon claim its spot as cream of the crop.What makes this place a winner?  First off, $27 for dinner is about $10 less than other hotels such as Bellagio and Wynn.  Yes this buffet may not have sashimi or lot of seafood such as crab leg, this hotel has variety, innovation, and something different.  They have the traditional salad and meat stations but they have other new offerings that other buffets don't have such as...bone marrow, pork belly bun, pork belly fried rice, dashi broth, truffle potato gratin, smelt fries, tiny ice cream cones, and much more.  The presentations of each dish were very well done.  Some dishes had their own little pot or own little plate however this did become an issue when it was time to put food on your plate (spacing).  The desserts were a bit weak even though the colors made it very tempting.  For example, macaron's quality/texture was what made it bad.  The shell was too crunchy where if you put some force on it, it would just crumble.  The service and decor were both great.  The restaurant is not like other buffets, it is away from the dining area and casino in the conference area.  I went to the Wynn buffet two days later for lunch and I wish I was eating back here.
Don't go here if you're looking for seafood.  Although they do not have seafood for their brunch menu, this buffet is on my top list of buffets in Vegas- the best part= NO LINE!!.  It is on the less expensive side because it does not have seafood, but it does have a great variety of other things.  Food tasted fresh and their breakfast selection was decent- they even had red velvet pancakes!  $35 for brunch including bottomless mimosas, $23.00 w/out the mimosas.
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS. THE  food was individually portioned to keep it hot in little metal like pans. the Gelato bar is nice as well. I went for brunch so I cant say how dinner it but I think it would prob be spectacular. The service here was good too.$27/person for brunch.
A buffet is really about the quality of the food, so even though the decor, service, etc. Was all great, the food was the standout. Everything my husband and I ate we mmmed and our eyes rolled back in our heads !Gourmet cooking from the unique salads-Korean beef, miso shrimp, roasted asparagus,etc.the juicy, tasty meats, the individual serving size pots and pans that served up red wine burgundy stew, Mac and cheese, chicken asparagus risotto,pastas,etc.  The thin crust pizza,garlic bread,etc, light and moist. tastiest kalbi ribs I've eatenthisnside of Hawaii,The pad Thai and dim sum pretty good .the desserts are the only thing that's not as good as the Bellagios, but the gelato bar and cookies make up for it and though the miniature gelatinous desserts were beautiful, there was no defined flavor, just sweet.This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas now and it's Kessler expensive to boot!
Love this buffet!  One of the few in Vegas that actually seasons their food.  I still like the buffet at Planet Hollywood a little better, but this one is a very close second.  The presentation is amazing, the food is tasty, and the ambience is classy.  What's not to love?
Big disappointment.  I'm pretty easy to please too, and I had only gone in for breakfast.  I wasn't looking for prime rib or crab legs or anything exotic.  I just wanted some scrambled eggs, maybe a bagel, some fruit.  You know, basic stuff.  What I had was cold scrambled eggs (completely inedible), chicken sausage that was horrible (something I never thought I could say about chicken sausage which is one of my favorite foods), some pineapple (the highlight) and a dish of macaroni and cheese that was crusted over and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.It was a colossal fail all around.  I don't get it.  So many people have gone to this buffet and given it two enthusiastic thumbs up, so I don't know what happened when I was there.  But it was far and beyond one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.
I hate this place service was ok food was garbage food was not hot enough all the salads where made like hours before so it's all soggy pizza all dry sushi so much rice
OMGelato. We came here for brunch, but missed the breakfast service by mere minutes and ended up paying $10 more for lunch instead.  So that was kind of annoying, but whatever. We were there and it smelled great.I'm watching my figure, so I didn't go nuts, mostly veg, salad and sushi -- we had friends in from out of town, though, that made up for it for me. And I tried bites of some of their goodies.The selection was fantastic. I loved that there were a lot of healthy options like roasted turkey and fish, tons of fruit and soups, as well as decadent goodness like mini potpies, mac n' cheese and rich sauces.My faves:- Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp was plump, big and poop-free)- CHEESE (they had some delicious fancy, stinky cheese options)- The white cheddar mac n' cheese- House Sushi Roll- Biscotti gelato (seriously. amazing.)- Chocolate lava cake in caramel sauce- Dutch apple tartletGood, but could have been better:- Chicken pot pie (a little salty, but still yum)- Pecan tartletIt would have been nice to add our cocktails up front -- it was awkward after the fact to add on.  Other buffets, like the Wynn, ask up front while you're paying if you want to add on bloody marys or mimosas. But wasn't a big deal.The food was really fresh, delicious, not super crowded (we went on a Tuesday around 11).  The desserts were incredible and they had a good selection of sugar-free options, too.I can't wait to go back for breakfast!
I absolutely loved this buffet.  My friends and I chose the option that gave us unlimited mimosas in addition to the buffet, and we could not have been happier.  The food was incredibly fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  Some of my favorites were the macaroni and cheese, truffles gratin, shrimp miso salad, lamb/ricotta gnocchi, and the french toast.  All phenomenal.  In terms of dessert, it was lovely.  Almost too pretty to eat!  My favorite was the coconut panna cotta in an egg shell.  A wonderful way to end the meal.  I will definitely return here.  Plus, you get the opportunity to walk through the uber-chic Cosmopolitan hotel on your way up to the buffet!
Basically, the biggest difference between this buffet and every other one is the portions.  Most of the items are already in it's own tiny little plate, bowl.  This helps with portion control... at the Wicked Spoon, you get a small bowl of Caesar salad, a small bowl of spinach with goat cheese, cheese & tomatoes, a tiny plate of pasta. The only down side to this is that its hard to grab a lot at once. Because the pre-portioned plates you can hold more than one in each hand and you can only fit about three plates on one big plate. They have all of the "normal" food stations:  Salads, Asian Food, Americana, Italian, Carving Station, & Dessert.  However, these are not your "normal" foods at the stations.  Each of the items are excellent gourmet prepared food.  Lamb ribs, gourmet flat bread pizzas, macaroni & cheese with 3 types gourmet cheeses. It's not the cheapest place to eat, but for what you get there, it's worth the $27 per person.
YUM! We came here for dinner around 6 on a Saturday night, and we didn't wait in line at all. The presentation was fabulous!  In many of the food options, servings were pre-portioned into little dishes and mini pans.  Being a female who once played house with play dishes, I loved this!  It left room for little mess, but balanced with several trips as these pans take up a lot of space! You're probably waiting for me to get to the food specifics, but i just don't remember everything.  I do remember that there were about 3 variations of braised beef, the typical salad bar, and an amazing dessert section.  All of which I enjoyed.  Also, I must say, that for someone trying to watch their figure, this buffet is pretty forgiving.  What I mean is, this is not the typical steak and potatoes kind of place.  I was able to eat 90% of my meal without heavy carbs like rice and potatoes. On that same note, I did notice that the dessert section had sugar free options available.  I would certainly recommend you try this place out for a new buffet experience.
I didn't get the hype.  Maybe we were there on an off weekend but there wasn't some hour long wait at 11am nor was the food mind-blowing impressive for a buffet.  I kept hearing amazing things about how Wicked Spoon is up there with Bellagio.  I do admit, the Bloody Mary bar was quite impressive with all the various types of picked veggies.  They also have red velvet pancakes!  However, the food itself failed to be up to par with the better gourmet buffets of Vegas.  I wish we went to the Wynn or Bellagio instead.  Orange juice tasted concentrated mehhh.  The best thing I ate though - the prime rib.  A perfect medium rare and very flavorful.  All the little clad iron pots they serve everything in are adorable and a cute concept but cute doesn't mean tasty.  I did want to grab every pot I saw but when I tasted the food, it just wasn't that impressive.  I think I'll just stick w/ the Wynn or Bellagio next time.
Great desserts! Water was very tasty. The sushi was probably the worst I've ever had. Rest of the food was really good, especially the salads!! Great assortment! Our server Will was awesome.
for $26 for lunch/brunch this is really worth it.I'd have to say though, i'd come here more for the experience then the food.  Their presentation of the food is a lot better than it tastes.But, compared to all the vegas buffets, this is good enough for me to come back for $26.stuff i liked, omlette station, lets you make your own ( & you can choose to have egg whites only for a healthier choice).  Mac n' cheese is good & cheesy, and oh try the pork belly white bun sandwich, probably the best & very asian authentic tasting, miso shirmp salad is light & delicious too!the DESSERTS are the best part of this buffet, all miniature sized and tasty.  get the silver egg panna cotta, chocolate dipped apples & strawberries & the Gelato is the best ! super smooth & creamy.
Came to Cosmopolitan to try this buffet out after hearing it was pretty good from another friend. Stopped here for a Saturday lunch around 12:30pm and there was no line! We had a large party of 18 so we had to wait for everyone to get charged and we were seated within 10 minutes.The restaurant was clean and was beautifully decorated, especially for a buffet, but I guess we were at Cosmopolitan where the decor itself in the hotel and casino areas were extravagant.  I thought they had more of a selection but they didn't seem to have as many different items as the Carnival Buffet. However the quality and look of the food at the Wicked Spoon does belong on another level. They serve their water in these fancy glass bottles firstly. They have a nice bread bar/salad bar where the salads are already made and dressed and ready to get picked up in small cute modern looking dishware. The Wicked Spoon is all about presentation and art. It is a unique buffet but it looks better than it tastes. They had a nice omelette making station here it allows you to customize your own, and even offer the option of egg whites and smoked salmon which most other places don't have. The Miso Shrimp salad is tasty and refreshing, and I loved the Mac & Cheese! Its served in a cute silver measuring cup and the top is baked so its crispy and cheesy..yum!The highlight was definitely the Dessert Bar. Everything just looked so beautiful and colorful, I was really excited to try a lot of it. Macarons let me down, they were dry and tasted weird. The Panna Cotta was probably the only thing I really enjoyed and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries! OH, and they have an awesome Gelato selection! I believe about 14 different flavors to try :) For $26 its comparable to most other buffets but looks a lot better so I'd probably still come back! Dinner is only $1 more, at $27.
Based on all the positive yelp reviews my family and I came here a few days ago, and I have to say, it was the best buffet I've ever been to, and, uh, I've been to a lot. The major standout was the desserts, which usually is the weakest part of a buffet, the tarts, the fresh berries, especially the raspberries, were just fabulous! Dinner wise, the marrow bones were awesome, the crab legs were fresh and sweet, the lamb was great (except where was the mint jelly?). The selection of cheese was excellent, there was a goat cheese rolled in ash was out of this world, as was the smoked gouda. The little portioned dishes were fun, and a great way for us to share them all without having to each get our own portions, which gave us room to try so many different items! Not only that, but the service was excellent, and the price $29 for dinner, was a great deal for Vegas.
I love this place! AYCE brunch for just $23 at the Cosmopolitan! Nice. It's cheap. It's good. It's artistic.Dishes are small and dainty, beautifully arranged tapa style dishes. I think you either like it or you don't. And I really liked it...it was different and fun! Little saucepans and individual dishes, it was just too cute to pass up. See for yourself:Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=XpWiM7EYchGqenNiq1c2vQPlate 2: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=aX2HFOd1sQa3v4UAUftTYQPlate 3: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=uTxWe05t_qtnpIxVwPmErQIn the meat section they had your usual, chicken, beef and slab of bacon!! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=7GAJvXufLfnCjIXK-avn7wI loved everything! Except the eggs benedict, which looked good but didn't taste good. But please please please save room for dessert! I think the dessert section was by far my favorite part! Everything was yummy. The ice cream choices were awesome, I tried the mango and the salted peanut! Both were delish...if my tummy could have handled more, I would have tried more flavors. But I had to save room for the chocolate covered strawberries and the small chocolate covered crab apples!! They were so cute. Definitely give Wicked Spoon a try if your in Vegas!
Considering I ate at 3 buffets, in a week..and this being my third...shoooot, I WISH I ATE HERE ALL THREE TIMES!!!!!!It's kind of hard to find in the hotel because it's along the conference rooms but, guess it's worth the chase!I was in awe of HOW SMART the Cosmo was to portion out their buffet foods. For example, salads/some entrees/etc were already portioned out into it's own plate so, all you needed to do was grab a plate. This is great because it gives you a chance to sample everything without wasting much food that you may not like.They had lamb..LAMB..love my lamb and most buffets I've been to never have lamb. To top it off was it was in a delicious sauce and plated so beautifully. Let's face it; it's always more fun to eat beautifully presented foods =)Lastly but, NOT LEAST: the dessert bar. lakjfdldjflajdfldkjgldkjfladjfldajfldkjfladjfladkfjldkfjdlkjfdl;jThat means I loved it. AGAIN, they had beautiful desserts. I didn't even want them but, they had to be on my plate cuz they were so pretty!!!AND don't get me started on their CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES! Oh emm geee, I swear, they were the size of my fist! I have nooooo clue where the Cosmo buffet is getting their strawberries but, keep it comin''''''My idea of the best buffet in Vegas!Now if only they had a locals discount =(
This a a pretty good buffet and very unique with the whole small plate servings. I would have given more stars but the desserts really do need to be changed. They look amazing but do not taste amazing.
We loved the Wicked Spoon Buffet!  The price was great considering the hotel that it was located in, and the quality of the food ($17 per person for breakfast).  They had big bowls of fruit & berries (a MUST for me!), made to order omelet's, lots of different breakfast meat options (bacon, ham, a variety of different sausages), pastries, cereals, yogurts, etc.  I was so excited to see the eggs benedict, although my only complaint was that I couldn't find the hollandaise sauce.  I don't know if it was on the egg already, and I couldn't taste it, or if they had it sitting somewhere for self-service, and I didn't see it.  Eggs benedict need hollandaise sauce!! :)Other than that, we will most certainly be back!!
This buffet is totally cute! (of course if you're a girl). We came here on a Friday night around close to 7. I was worried there would be a long line for buffet, but to my surprise, there was no line. I loved how alot of the items are put in miniature pots/pans, cast iron dishes, fry baskets because then you won't take more than you can eat. Everything was very tasty except the blackend catfish. That was so spicy it was not edible and even our waiter have heard similar complaints. Some of the standout items were:Korean bbq kalbi beefwine mushrooms with polentabeef and broccolibrussel sprouts with bacon/pancettasalumi meatsAND desserts!!The dessert station is just incredible. So many choices. The key lime tart was a complete surprise because I initially thought it was some green tea dessert. I love how every was little, even the little chocolate cones. The gelato was pretty good too. Service was great and the layout and atmosphere was just right for us. I've been to some buffets with much more offerings, but honestly, it's near impossible to eat every item anyways. So this was perfect for us. We'll definitely bring some friends to try next time.
I was skeptical at first, since a $27/person good dinner buffet in vegas is hard to come by these days. We waited close to an hour in line on a Saturday night. But it was all worth it once I scope out the varieties of foods they offered. There were the Asian Food Section(ex: dim sum, miso soup, pho, BBQ kalbi beef etc.) Italian Secion (ex: 6 different pizza varieties, made to order pasta, gnocchi, etc.) Calvary Section (ex: roasted prime rib, pork tenderloin, lamb shank, turkey etc.) American Section (ex: truffle mac n' cheese, potato au gratin, baked salmon with creole sauce, jumbalaya etc.) Cold Food Section (crab crawls, caesar salad, salami, olives, shrimps, varieties of breads, cheeses, fruits etc.) And most importantly the Dessert Section (ex: 8 flavors of gelato, chocolate dipped strawberries, mixed berries, pecan bars, macaron, brownies etc.)Many of the dishes were divided into individual sizes and elegantly presented. Hopefully the prices and quality of foods will keep consistent in the next few years! I'll definitely be coming back!
Hands down, my personal favorite Vegas buffet - even trumps Wynn's and Bellagio's! Why is it so great - FANTASTIC food, amazing selection, chic decor, and of course, bottomless mimosa! The food here tastes and looks delicate - great presentation and things taste fresh and light. Great variety as you get all kinds of cuisine, American, Italian, Asian, Mexican etc etc. I really have to rave about their dessert, make sure you save room for these because they are what makes this buffet a step above the other Vegas buffets in my opinion. First of all, it's huge, even bigger than Wynn's dessert bar. Second, everything is SO CUTE! Hence making everything look even more appetizing. The dessert come in small portions and the plus side of that is you get to try a variety of their delicious desserts instead of getting full from one big slice of chocolate fudge pie. Nothing is too sweet so you get to enjoy other flavors and textures of their dessert such as the sourness in the mango gelato, fluffiness of coconut puree, and the richness of the chocolate of the chocolate-covered gigantic strawberry. If you are in Vegas, you must try this place, it's a two thumbs up!!
This review is based on 2 breakfast visits.I am not one to get excited about a buffet, but this was probably my best Vegas buffet experience.The dining room was clean and well decorated in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel.The staff was attentive and did a great job keeping our drinks full and the table clear.Plenty of food selections that cross the breakfast, lunch, and dinner spectrum.  I thought some of the food was really good, like the prime rib for example.  But as has been with most of my buffet experiences, there was a wide range of quality depending on the dish...and perhaps how long it has been sitting out.
This has been, by far, the BEST buffet I've had in Vegas. Seriously. No joke. Especially if you're eating with 7 other hungry women. 8 hungry slightly hung over women on a girls only weekend trip. This place was the S-H-I-T. We stayed for 3 hrs. Need I say more? We did the brunch. 30 bucks but wait..add 9 dollars and you get unlimited mimosas and bloody marys..hello??We were ALL in.  The spread of the food was very grand and very beautiful. Just the dessert bar was breath taking. Pork belly fried rice, pad thai, beef and broccoli (the broccollini not the regular broccoli)house special sushi rolls, and duck were just a FEW of the Asian cuisine. I go down a food bar and there's miniature pots with lids and inside them are things like eggs benedict with pork shoulder, pastas that I don't get to normally eat so I can't pronounce them let alone spell them but they had things like lamb and short ribs cooked with them...AHHHH!!! The macaroni and cheese..why was is so special? It was cooked with hamhocks...You want smoked salmon with cream cheese on a bagel? Well buddy, they had pastrami smoked salmon..get that...Red velvet pancakes, mini white and dark chocolate covered apples, ginormous chocolate covered strawberries, italian gelato that was to die for...... I could go on and on and on...just go try it for yourself..you won't be disappointed. You will be a little happy camper like I was..literally...we camped it there for 3 hours trying to savor EVERYTHING..gluttony at it's finest!  Plus the Cosmopolitan is a really beautiful and artsy hotel/casino to go tour...check out the main bar encased inside the biggest chandelier you will ever see!
OK, I'll preface by saying the Wynn is by far my favorite...BUT this is soooo close in second.What won me over were the crab claws. Two crab claws, cut open for easy eating. I love the crab legs, but hate the having the shells all over my table. The claws were the best idea ever.Anyway, I love the "tapas" style of serving they have here. Yes, it did get crowded on our table with that huge variety of empty dishes, but they cleaned it up reasonably fast.The options were very good. The pre-made pasta was not the best, but the made-to-order mac and cheese was awesome. Dessert was incredible. Everything was the perfect mini-size after eating about 10 lbs of food for dinner.Decor is great, price is fantastic. Only wish it was easier to find in the hotel!
Food was good and in small portions. The Desserts had a great selection. The wait staff that served us was really good. Pad thai option on the Buffet wasnt that good however the pasta choices were great.
Very aesthetically pleasing presentations of food.  Loved the cute lil pots and chicken wing mini fryer baskets.  Everything is portioned already into individual dishes and bowls.  It really helps to control how much you can actually fit on your plate in one round of food hoarding.  Dessert is hard to get wrong...anything covered in chocolate or topped with fruit looks expensive.  Water is served in fancy glass bottles.  And then...that's it.Food wasn't omgwowgimmemoremoremore.  For the price of $28.11 for one Sunday brunch, I'd say it was a decent eating.  I did like the braised short rib with wild mushrooms on cavatelli.  I could eat a handful of those pots and call it a day.  Fresh chocolate covered strawberries were ginormous.  There were gelato flavors a plenty, and all yummy too.The mac-n-cheese is overhyped.  Those pots were always the first to go!  I was watching the station like a hawk for fresh pots.  Too bad when I finally snagged one, I was left with disappointment.  It was lukewarm (like a lot of the other food served).  Cooled mac-n-cheese = one thick mess.  Maybe it never stood a chance to my highly set expectations.  Thanks a lot, Yelp.  Nevertheless, one forkful was plenty.The prime rib was so bloody.  I like my cuts medium well, maybe medium.  That slice was borderline raw.  Not my fancy & I'm not alone.  Two others at my table had the same problemo.Tacos al pastor were WAY too salty.  Even a fully squeezed slice of lime couldn't help it.Pretty extensive selection of brunch foods.  You can jump from red velvet pancakes to clams to pad thai to pizza and back to the omelette station.  There was no wait whatsoever to get a table.  Definitely a plus; however, service at the tables was so slow.  At one point, I had to clear my own area of old plates because I had no more room for new plates.  Not cool.  There's definitely pros & cons to this place.  Still waiting to try the rest of Sin City's buffet offerings...
THE PRICE IS RIGHT! Brunch for $23 (or $35 for bottomless mimosas or bloody mary cocktails). I LOVE! Besides the ambiance, I also loved the tapas style of dishes. A lot of the dishes came in mini pots so greedy people couldn't scoop hella and then end up not eating it. If you like something, get another. If you don't, then you don't waste as much food if your greedy hand scooped too much. I felt their desserts were aiight--plus for the gelato though. Food wise: my favorite was one particular pasta, although I did enjoy the gnocchi with lamb! both HELLA GOOOD. I'd go back not just because my favorite pasta is there, but because of the price!!!!!!A million thank you's to my hula sister who recommended it to me!
I'm a sucker for cute, small, easy things.  And the Wicked Spoon plays into my weakness for detail, great customer service and small portions.  There was practically no wait for the buffet when we showed up on Saturday at 11:30AM.    I'm a small person with a small appetite so the prepared portions actually work out for me. With the exception of the shrimp cocktail. I LOVE shrimp cocktail and it is prepared 2 shrimp to a small serving cup at the Wicked Spoon. I ate 8. Don't judge me.Other than shrimp, I was able to enjoy the mac n cheese, the creamy cheese polenta, the smoked salmon, the gelato (salted peanut flavor), various salads, homemade jam on sesame rolls, macarons, chocolate covered crab apples, chocolate covered strawberries, lime tarts, etc.  All were delicious and prepared in cutesy ways (servings of fried chicken are presented in mini friers, if you ask for coffee, your cream comes in a mini, metal milk carton).  For the price of weekend brunch ($28 w/o unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary), it's great quality compared to the other buffets on the Strip.  We were staying at the Mirage and they were charging the same price for buffet but I'm confident you're not going to find the same type of food and same quality of food elsewhere.We were able to chat up the breakfast sous chef who described how strictly the kitchen is run.  Our conversation made me feel confident that not only was the food we were were eating tasty, but it was fresh too!Officially my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
Definitely impressed with Wicked Spoon buffet.  Saturday night dinner will set you back $29 per person which is quite a deal in comparison to other high end hotel buffets.   We came Saturday night and there was a 10 min wait.  I agree with the other Yelpers - dessert bar amazing, great variety of cuisines represented,  and awesome presentations and nicely portioned out for single servings.  Definitely worth a try!
My curiosity was what is "tapas" style buffet and how it works. Finally I got lunch today at Wicked Spoon Buffet. Some of food served like other buffet such as prime ribs, rolls, and breads. Some of  food served with tiny cute pot(?). It seems like I can handle that much but when I sat down with all different kinds of  food  I knew I am wrong. I felt so bad bacause of  too much leftover.  Maybe I can share with friends or family for one tiny cute pot of food but not sure it will works or not. I like the idea serve different kind of cheese but  still I have to pick set up ceaser salad or miso salad so I can't  create my own salad with different cheese. Even though lots of leftover, I can't avoid tempting about pretty dessert.I like gelato and I really enjoyed fresh blackberries, rasberries, and blueberries. It was Yum. Once again I felt like this... Buffet is Buffet. Don't expect too much.
Wow simply amazing.  Decor is nice, and presentation was unique.  This place sets itself above all other buffets.  I mean who would of thought to serve food in little fryer baskets, pans, skillets, cauldrons, dishes, plates, little to go boxes.  Definitely different and unique in their own way.  Not only the presentation and decor is nice, but the food is really good too.  I enjoyed the eggs benedict, chicken and waffles, mac and cheese, their penne pasta with sausage, korean short rib, miso pork, shepards pie, pastrami, and lots of desert.  For the first time I literally felt like I was a kid in a candy store again.  So many selections to choose from, and the sad part was I couldn't eat it all.  The small little cute candy apples and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing. The price is decent too, ranging from 20-30.  Thumbs up on my buffet list.
I haven't been to a buffet in at least 10 years.  It isn't my favorite way to dine, but this is Vegas, so I thought I should give it another try and I had been hearing a lot of good about this one in particular.We went for brunch on Sunday, I think it was around $23 a person without alcohol.  I like the design of the buffet.  Everything was spaced enough that there was easy access to any section without a line, even though the place looked fairly full.  The service was pretty awful.  I was done with my first plate before our server even brought our coffee.  When we ordered, we told him we took cream and sugar, yet there were only three packets of sugar in the caddy he brought.  I asked for more before he even stepped away, yet he went on to do other things before getting us more sugar.  His station was only one table away from ours, so I was tempted to just get it myself.  There was a nice variety of food available, but I couldn't help but think buffets are really for people that just care about quantity.  There wasn't one dish that stood out as being very good.  I especially love breakfast pastries and that should be one thing that would be easy to do well on a buffet.  However, the croissants looked so awful I didn't even take one.  The pain aux raisins and muffins were mediocre while the desserts were downright awful.  I did enjoy some french toast and their house-smoked sausage was good.  But the short rib pasta was over salted and their sushi was a little soggy.Overall I could have taken that $23 over to Bouchon's for a fabulous, fresh breakfast and far better service.
Wow really great offerings and a reasonable price.  But really hard to find within the hotel.
Ate here for breakfast.... Amazing!!
Ate here for a friends birthday and it was great for big parties! They have a long table for large groups to sit at =)They loved it as much as I did. I've heard many good things about the buffets at M Resort and The Wynn; and my friends rated Wicked Spoon as good as those buffets. Even calling Wicked Spoon "fancier" than that of The Wynn. That alone is kinda cool to think that something is "fancier" than anything at The Wynn.I suggest going around 9pm because there was no line, even on a Friday night. They close around 10 but, they take away the food at 10:15 so, doesn't give you much time to grind on the goods.I MUST try their breakfast and lunch buffets.
Went to Vegas with a couple of friends and after one of my friends saw the YELP pics from Wicked Spoon, we all decided to come check it out. BTW, it wasn't very busy but perhaps its the fact that the COSMO is still a pretty new hotel and maybe no one knew about the buffet? Nice though since we didn't have to wait long on a Sunday evening.Now this isn't my favorite Vegas buffet but I just enjoyed it because it was different and unique. It was nice and clean and the food was presented in these cool, plates, small pans, and were portioned controlled. Everything tasted good, but the one thing that stood out was the crab in cajun butter. I am just salivating thinking about it right now as I type. Yes, seafood is a must have for any Asian person at a Vegas buffet. Check my pics, pretty awesome huh?Overall, I give a solid 5 stars. The atmosphere was great, and our server was amazing and friendly. We practically chatted it up with her, and she was nice enough to give us tips on where the hot spots were and what places to hit up (even on a Sunday). She was amaze! Food was delicious, clean, and presented well. You can't go wrong with checking out the Wicked Spoon. But if your lazy about going up a lot, you might not like it as the plates are small and everything on the buffet line is in a separate pan or mini plates, so be advised that your plate fills up quickly. But you should definitely check it out if you don't mind that. :-)
by far a new favorite buffet!the interior was swanky and glitzy - just like the entire hotel itself.We arrived at prime dinner time but didnt have to wait - probably because it was a Weds. night.  The price was 36 bucks with tip and tax included for our  8 person party.  From what I hear that's a good deal for dinner buffets in Vegas so I was pleased with that as well. We were seated at this nice long high top table that had interesting blue glass art hanging over our heads.  While some aren't a fan of the pre-portioned plates and pots they serve their food in, I kind of love the idea.  It kinda lets you think you're almost eating tapa style dishes rather than a buffet. Now dining was the fun part- I literally tasted everything from the different sections - my favorite was probably the pastas.  I barely had room for dessert but forced myself regardless. They have this cute little gelato bar so of course I got mango gelato.  Their desserts were overall very pretty but unique looking. The most normal thing they had was chocolate covered strawberries.This is kind of weird too but I just loved the water they served.  It was from these glass bottles that remind you of the old school milk bottles that were dropped at your door.  It just tasted so refreshing.  They served these water bottles all over the hotel.it's making me hungry just thinking about it. when i return to vegas - i'm def. staying at the cosmo again and eating at wicked spoon!
This place was great!!
This place is freaking awesome. I love it. Most food is pre-plated for easy access and it avoids wasting food. They have incredible cajun shrimp and cheese grits. I love the Cosmo. Like Eileen J. This is far away the best buffet. better than my previous favorite at the Bellagio.
great brunch...but wish there was more seafood and i wanted more meat! (like lamb or something lol)but the dessert bar was amazing!!!!!!!! i'm not a sweets fan...but omg...the dessert was SO delish! definitely recommend people to save some space for thatnext time i'll probably just want to do dinner for more of the meat/seafood items, but the brunch was good...there was a huge selection of breakfast items and lunch items (there was sushi!!!!!!)one thing is that i felt like i wasted a lot of food. i wanted to try a bit of everything, but some of the items are already portioned out and i couldn't finish it...and i hate wasting food! my favorite items: DESSERT! prime rib, sushi, omelettes, gnocchi, and the korean bbq :]
For $21/pp for lunch, here's some highlights- awesome pork tacos- pork belly sandwiches- sushi  - truffle potato au gratin- prime rib- kalbi - gelato - panna cottaAnd of course it's in the hottest hotel on the strip!
I've never been a huge buffet person but I'll admit, this was actually pretty decent!  My stay at the Cosmopolitan included a $50 breakfast credit to be used at my choice of The Henry, Coffee Beanery place, or Wicket Spoon.  I woke up hung over so I wandered down to the buffet.Now, I don't have a whole lot of buffet experience to compare it to.  I've only been to the Plaza's buffet for breakfast years and years ago before I moved here and knew better, Makino Sushi/Seafood at the Premium Outlets, and the MGM Grand Buffet for lunch (it was comp otherwise to this day I most likely would still have never been to it).  I left Wicket Spoon stuffed, because I felt the need to try a bit of everything.  The following is what I remember having:- Seared whitefish eggs benedict  *** This was AMAZING - MUST TRY!!!- Margharita flatbread- Red velvet pancake  *** Very disappointing.- Pecan sticky bun  ***  I don't usually eat crap like this, but this was bomb.- Home fries- Hash browns  *** Topped w/cheddar cheese and carmelized onions, which is a plus, but the taters themselves could've been crispier. - Some type of crepe- Some type of french toast on sterioids: it was super super thick, had cinnamon, pecans and a think syrup which reminded me almost of caramel sauce.  *** Pretty yummy, and unhealthy!Side note: they do not have peanut butter!  This is a big no-no for breakfast lovers such as myself, as I eat it every morning!I believe I tried a few other things but can't remember exactly what.  But...seared whitefish eggs benny...oh, how I adore you.  I don't eat land-roving meat (only fish/seafood) so I didn't try any of the sausage, bacon or meat related items.  Some of the other things I noticed but did not try were made to order omlettes, smoked salmon, various cereals & yogurts, waffles, one or two more selections of flatbreads, fresh fruit, etc.  So, overall there was a good selection to choose from, however I was expecting it to be a bit bigger in size (but maybe that's my buffet inexperience showing).  A lot of items, as you will read from other Yelp reviews, are portioned out into individual serving dishes.  This is a neat, unique concept.  The only downfall I found was it made it a tad difficult to gather multiple items in one trip.  Maybe that's what they're going for, so people ultimately eat less...I don't know.  What I do know is I must've looked like a pig with all the individual dishes on my table!!!Service was great.  Upon entering and exiting the buffet, the hostesses were very warm, welcoming, and greeted with a smile.  The server was attentive and also very friendly.  Like I said, I'm not big on buffets but if I were to go back to one for lunch or dinner, it would most likely be Wicket Spoon.  If you're a buffet person, you should definitely put this one on your list.  Happy eating!
Wow, what a great price  ($29) for a really good variety and hardly no wait at all (7:30-8)?! I know what everyone is saying...why limit yourself with all the small dishes they serve their plates in.  But I loved it!  If you wanted more of something...just take extra dishes! It's not that difficult.  THe food was done to Vegas perfection.  Desserts were definitely the highlight of the whole meal.  This is NOT a seafood buffet so if you're looking for snow crabs you will be disappointed.    The fact that we went in, enjoyed our meal and left with our tummy's stuffed makes it well worth it!
Despite being a big guy, I really don't enjoy buffets. At least, not the Golden Corral variety. I have been to a couple buffets in Vegas before, (Bellagio, good, Planet Hollywood, vile), but since I was staying at the Cosmopolitan, I wanted to try theirs. Am I glad I did! The food was fresh, fun, and really delicious. I really enjoyed the arugula salad (yes, I got salad in a buffet), the crab claws, and the bread. Working my way through the buffet, the highlights were the pork belly sliders, braised short ribs, prime rib, and the Mac and cheese bar. Yes, I said Mac and cheese bar. You pick what you want, and they whip up a bchamel infused bowl of goodness that will make you rethink buffets for the rest of your life. Jacob whipped me up a  bowl of Lobster Mac and cheese that was so heavenly. I am not a huge dessert person, but I really loved them. The macarons were tasty and the salted peanut gelato was awesome. I also had an oatmeal cookie, which truth be told, I wish I had three of right now. The service was a bit slow, I thought. Overall, though, just like the rest of The Cosmopolitan, it sets the bar higher for the next hotel to beat. Bring it.
After a long weekend in Vegas, my friends and I wanted to leave Vegas with a bang (eating at a buffet). One of them suggested we go to Wicked Spoon. Away we go!The place is decorated beautifully. A lot of open space for comfortable dining. We went during lunch and they were nice enough to offer me unlimited bloody marys for $10. Okay! I'm not driving!The food presentation was really nice. Many dishes came in baby pots, chinese to-go boxes, etc. It's a way to win an "awwww" with girls.. but with me? I don't really care. It's cute, but my money goes to taste not necessarily presentation. I tried a little bit of everything, but the salad bar (waste of stomach space). Nothing was really memorable except for the miso glazed pork sliders. Those were DELICIOUS. They didn't have enough meat selections, I expected more than just 3 (prime rib and some other two). The creamed corn was okay. Their dessert selection was probably the highlight of the buffet. Yes, they were presented in a very "cute" way, but I didn't care for most of it. Chocolate covered long-stem strawberries, french macarons (they only had two flavors and they didn't look/taste very appealing). I do, however, like that they had a variety of gelato flavors. I think at the time when I was there, I thought it was amazing because I was in awe of how the Cosmopolitan looked and their presentation, but thinking now.. I probably wouldn't go back. Their food selection wasn't all that great. I think they try to mask their lack of food selection with all that jazzed up stuff (cute trays, baby pots, tiny wrapped food, etc). Crazy price for a just an "okay" buffet. Not worth going to again. I enjoyed the Rio a lot more and it's at a lower rate.  Meh.
Great selection of food!  Was here for brunch and they had a great spread. Endless mimosas...winning!
I am not a fan of buffets...really, however I stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 5 nights and as a platinum Marriott member they comp you free breakfast here.  Thank you.I love their small plates (kind of tapas like) concept as I could try many things but still keep it relatively healthy.  They had smoothies, fresh fruit, cook to order eggs, slab bacon, gourmet pastries, yogurt parfaits, potatoes of all kinds...and the list goes on.  The weekend brunch was a little kicked up and busier but I was a frequent guest here during my stay...well at least every morning.
Completely devoid of lines, which Vegas buffets are notorious for, my group of 12 happily walked right in. Our hostess did not fail to mention that we were being seated right next to the dessert section. Thank you hostess, for knowing exactly what I wanted without me saying a word! Now, onto the main courses (of which I had many of):-Mac & Cheese: Comfort food is so necessary after a night of vegas debauchery, so this sure hit the spot.  They are served in small individual tin pots which helps with portion control. In my case, there is no such thing as self or portion control so I had myself some seconds and thirds. No regrets, they were THAT good. Cheesy, oozing goodness.-White Whipped Ricotta Pizza: Easily became my second favorite dish as it paired so well with their garlic bread. Thin crusted, the ricotta simply made this dish the "10" rating it deserved.-Breakfast: Red velvet pancakes w/ homemade cream cheese sauce & bacon. Yes, I ate breakfast at 1:30 P.M. and enjoyed every bite of it. -Asian section: Pork belly fried rice, pork buns, Miso glazed pork (see pictures). Divine. Lots of pork so if you're not a lover, steer yourself in another direction.-Dessert: Biscotti ice cream, white chocolate covered mini-apples and strawberries. Scrumptious. One of the only buffets in vegas that showcases lots of white chocolate, which I prefer over chocolate, any day. The white choco strawberries had an Oreo crumb crust, definitely a winner. Had seconds of the Biscotti ice cream which came with mini-waffle bowls & cones. So aesthetically pleasing! They also have lots of other ice cream flavors to choose from - all fresh and homemade I believe.$26 brunch, $29 dinner on a Saturday.Wicked Spoon displays lots of entrees that you will not find anywhere else. Good thing? Of course. Will I come back? 100%.
Visited a few weekends back and ate 2 meals there. Was very impressed with the wide range of food, and quality. Far better than most buffets in Vegas, while coming in at $30 basically. There's different types of food for all, including a rather deep roster of meats, pastas, and assorted fruits/vegetables for everyone.
Interesting cute buffet concept! Most of the foods are individually portioned into little pots, bowls, or chinese take-out boxes! I came here for brunch ($26) and was able to try a lot of different things, but could only fit at most about 5-6 containers at once on my plate. Some things that were memorable included the red-wine mushrooms, pork belly sandwich, and creamed corn. I thought their prime rib was pretty tasty as well. I wasn't too crazy about their pad thai. It was spicy, but lacked flavor in my opinion.They have an extensive dessert section with all sorts of cute little bite-sized pastries and a gelato stand. Absolutely LOVED their assortment of chocolate-covered strawberries - white chocolate, milk chocolate, with oreos, with rice krispies, with peanuts...such variety! My friends must've gotten full off just that! And the strawberries were large ones...not those dinky ones you get from the supermarket :)I agree with one of the reviews below who said that this buffet is definitely a way to win an "aww" with the girls. My friends and I must've said "awww" more times than I can count during the meal. But this buffet doesn't hit high marks for practicality. You can't fit that many food items on one plate and for people who know what they like and want more of it, they are forced to get multiple pots just to get the portion they want. However, I give it 4 stars for decent food, extensive variety, beautiful desserts, and unique presentation. This buffet is definitely different and I appreciate their attempt to think outside of the box.
What happened to this place? the prices go up and their selection drops big time.Last time I came in January, they had Lobster, I come back 2 months later and I ask the waiter and they're like "we never had that"I like their concept but I was underwhelmed by their selection. Perhaps they are losing money with the buffet or something?
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a buffet guy. Vegas gets you jaded about buffets, but this thing is a game changer.  I went in for the breakfast/lunch rollover.  Went in at 10:30 for the breakfast price of $17, stayed for lunch which starts at 11am.   The way everything is served is just super cool. It also seems to keep the food fresher being served in individual sized containers.  Lots of fresh fruit, bottled water on table, and a killer dessert section are among the things that make this place stand out.  This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas, tempted to rate it a 5, maybe I'll update my review after a few return visits.
I went here for brunch with a couple of friends and had an amazing time. The choices were out of this world, not your everyday buffet items. Red velvet pancakes... what's not to love?The only complaint I can even think of is that when we entered and paid we were not offered the unlimited mimosa or bloody marys. It wasn't a big deal to order and pay through our server but it would have been easier on everyone if the hostess/cashier offered it to begin with.
Wicked Spoon is 5 stars all the way.   It is certainly in my top tier of Las Vegas buffets.  This was my first time here, and I was very pleased.First, my server was very friendly and very competent.  She poured my bottled water as soon as I was seated and asked about alcohol or other drinks.  She was prompt and attentive.  I wish I knew her name.  She is an asset to the Wicked Spoon.I liked the tapas style items.  A small bowl with two peeled shrimp, some cocktail sauce, and a little lemon slice.  What more could you want?  My food looked like it was plated by a Top Chef contestant because of this serving idea.  There are plenty of all you can eat foods, too, so for those of you who don't care for the idea of small plates, gorge.Desserts were excellent!  The chocolate covered strawberry was delicious and I had some very interesting fudge and a chocolate covered crab apple.  Different and good!!The variety was excellent.  I just wish I could have tried more things.  But I guess that's what will keep me coming back for more.  And that great server.  I'll look for her and see if I can request her section!
I loved the food here more than my companions did, but one thing we all agreed on was that whoever designed this place was BLOODY INSANE. OK they have this non-ironic crap '80s music playing, and these weird little uniforms on the staff, and the FUGLIEST wall decoration: photos of food wrapped up in clothes. Picture a shiitake mushroom leaning up against a high-heeled shoe, that sort of thing. Bogus.Oh yeah, I'd definitely come back for the chow, but I'd wear blinders and ear plugs.
Vegas trip last weekend and had to give this place a try!!I love how everything is in individual plates/serving dishes. The food was pretty fresh and tasty. I liked the Korean short ribs, goat cheese salad, fried chicken, and sweet potato fries. The dessert options were the best. Chocolate covered strawberries! And chocolate covered mini apples! YUM!! And macaroons!! :DService was a bit sloppy IMO. My plates weren't promptly taken away when I got new food. Drinks weren't refilled. Maybe it was a bad day?Anywho, give this place a try - it gives you some good variety from the well-known Vegas buffets.
This the best buffet I've been to.  It's expensive but worth it.  Also it's a guaranteed good recommendation for friends.